\n[PAGE 1]\nMonzo Bank Holding Group Limited
Annual Report 2026
\n[PAGE 2]\nContents
Strategic report 3
Our year at a glance 4
Our year at a glance continued 5
Who we are and why we’re here 6
Our values 7
Group Chair’s statement 8
Group Chief Executive Officer’s review 10
Our business model and strategy 12
In focus: Personal banking 16
In focus: Business banking 17
In focus: Technology and platform 19
Financial review 21
Key results 22
Group Chief Financial Officer’s review 23
Non-financial and sustainability 
information
31
Non-financial reporting statement 32
Our approach to people 34
Our community and social matters 40
Climate-related Financial Disclosures 45
Respect for human rights, 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption
52
Section 172 55
Risk management 58
Our approach to risk management 59
Our top and emerging risks 63
Governance 67
Governance snapshot 68
Our Board 70
Our executive team 84
Board and committee activity 85
Group Directors’ report 102
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 105
Financial statements 106
Independent auditor’s report to the members of 
Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited
107
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 120
Consolidated statement of financial position 121
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 122
Consolidated statement of cash flows 123
Notes to the financial statements 124
Financial Statements of Monzo Bank Holding 
Group Ltd
185
Alternative performance measures 194
Glossary 196
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 2
Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited
Registration number: 14785367
Registered Office: Broadwalk House 
5 Appold Street, London EC2A 2AG
\n[PAGE 3]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 3
Strategic 
report
4 Our year at a glance
6 Who we are and why we’re here
7 Our values
8 Group Chair’s statement
10 Group Chief Executive Officer’s review
12 Our business model and strategy
16 In focus: Personal banking 
17 In focus: Business banking
19 In focus: Technology and platform
21 Financial review
31 Non-financial and sustainability information
3Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 4]\nOur year at a glance
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 4
† Net Promoter, Net Promoter System, Net Promoter Score, NPS and the NPS-related emoticons are registered 
trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., Fred Reichheld and Satmetrix Systems, Inc. The Net Promoter Score is calculated 
based on responses to a single question: How likely is it that you would recommend our company/product/ service to 
a friend or colleague? The scoring for this answer is most often based on a 0 to 10 scale. The score is given on a scale 
from lowest, -100, to highest, +100
* In FY2026 we’ve changed the basis for calculating adjusted profit before tax, and applied this retrospectively to 
FY2025. It is defined as our accounting profit before tax, adjusted for the impact of share based payment expenses, 
and the impact of any exceptional items. Please see Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) on page 194 for a 
reconciliation of adjusted profit before tax to accounting profit before tax.
\n[PAGE 5]\nOur year at a glance 
continued
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 5
\n[PAGE 6]\nWho we are 
and why 
we’re here 
We’re Monzo, the digital bank that’s 
making money work for everyone. 
This has been our mission since the very 
beginning and we’ve never been more 
committed or better prepared to achieve it 
than we are today.
Making money work for everyone is about 
many things. It’s about putting financial 
products and services within reach by 
simplifying them and explaining them in a 
way that people will actually understand. It’s 
about giving our customers genuinely helpful 
insights into their money so they can make it 
work harder for them. It’s about offering 
products fairly, clearly laying out any fees, 
with no catches. It’s investing in accessible 
design, specialised vulnerable customer 
support, and removing barriers to financial 
services in general. And it’s about using our 
unique expertise with advanced technology 
to protect people’s money in a way that’s 
never been done before.
We believe that everyone, everywhere, 
benefits from understanding their money 
better and having the tools they need to 
change their relationship with it for the better.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 6
\n[PAGE 7]\nOur values 
Our company values aren’t just 
words on a wall. They influence the 
thousands of day-to-day decisions 
we make, from helping prioritise 
what we build next and how we build 
it, to the selection criteria we use for 
hiring new teammates.
Our values guide everything we do, they 
keep us focused, honest and true to the 
things we care about. Celebrating our 
successes is an important part of that, 
and so is being honest about where 
we’ve got room to improve.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 7
Default to transparency
We’re open with each other and 
customers unless we have good reason 
not to be because it’s the fastest, fairest 
way to work.
Make a difference
We solve real problems, working on 
things that have the biggest impact for 
our customers and each other.
Be hard on problems, 
not people
It helps us solve issues faster and move 
forward, while treating each other with 
respect. 
Think big, 
start small, own it
We’re ambitious and break ground with 
advanced technology, working iteratively 
to get the best results.
Help everyone belong
We’re building a bank for everyone. 
We embrace differences and make 
sure everyone feels welcome.
Think customer first: 
grow Monzo safely
We always start by asking what’s best for 
customers. It’s the right thing to do and 
the safest way to grow.
\n[PAGE 8]\nGroup Chair’s statement
FY2026 marked a pivotal year 
for Monzo. It was the year we 
demonstrated our growth potential 
by investing across our business and 
platform to open up new markets 
and deepen our product offering. 
All while our diversified business 
model delivered a strong financial 
performance with adjusted profit 
before tax increasing 20% to 
£172.6m and revenue increasing 
39% to £1.7bn.
We’re incredibly proud of the progress we’ve 
made this year, cementing our position as 
one of the UK’s leading digital banks and 
taking important steps to advance our 
international ambitions.
Our home market has so much more growth 
potential, with our mission more relevant than 
ever. In FY2026, we welcomed more than 
3 million customers across personal and 
business accounts – a record number of new 
customers – proving the need for the Monzo 
way of banking. At the heart of this success 
remains our commitment to customers and 
delivering the tools they need to transform 
their financial lives for the better.
Our mission to make money work for everyone 
doesn’t just stop in the UK. In December, the 
Central Bank of Ireland and European Central 
Bank granted Monzo a licence to operate 
across Europe, an important step in our 
international growth story. We welcomed our 
first Irish customers and are excited by the 
early, positive reception. Our waitlist grew to 
100,000 ahead of our official launch in April – 
a clear sign that Ireland is ready for a new 
kind of bank.
FY2026 also marked an important leadership 
transition with the appointment of Diana 
Layfield as Group Chief Executive Officer. 
Diana brings deep experience of scaling 
businesses and products at Google and 
Standard Chartered, leveraging technology 
in complex regulatory environments. She is 
passionate about Monzo’s mission and 
ambitious for its future. The Board has full 
confidence in her ability to build on the 
Group’s strong foundations as it continues 
to scale in the UK and Europe. 
I would like to thank TS Anil for his leadership 
over the past 6 years. In that time, Monzo has 
gone from strength to strength, becoming 
one of the UK’s largest digital banks and a 
profitable business. Thanks to his 
commitment, Monzo is stronger, more 
resilient and better positioned than ever to 
seize the opportunity ahead. I’m pleased that 
TS will continue to support the business in 
a Non-Executive capacity as Vice Chair of 
the Board. 
As we continue to expand, our Board has 
also evolved into a structure more suited to 
an international business. We welcomed 
7 new Directors to our Group board, and 
3 new Directors to expand our MBEU Board, 
bringing additional expertise across 
technology, international expansion and 
financial services.
As we look ahead, Monzo has all the 
ingredients to succeed, with many years 
of experience and growth operating as a 
leading regulated financial technology 
company.
We are well positioned to both navigate 
and create opportunities in what remains 
an uncertain economic and geopolitical 
environment. Our increasingly diversified 
revenue streams provide a resilient 
foundation for growth, while our technology-
led business allows us to adapt quickly to 
changing external conditions. Above all, we 
are confident we can continue to support our 
customers, to grow responsibly, and to take 
our mission far and wide.
In FY2025, we recognised the need to 
improve how we handle complaints and 
support vulnerable customers. Over the past 
year, we’ve dedicated more people to it and 
made better use of technology, including AI. 
As a result, complaint volumes have fallen 
proportionally, service for vulnerable 
customers has improved and we’re meeting 
regulatory deadlines more consistently. 
There’s still more we can do and we’ll 
continue to raise our standards, including in 
fraud interventions and reimbursement 
processes to keep improving customer 
outcomes.
In July, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 
completed its investigation into our historical 
financial crime controls, as referenced in 
previous annual reports. The review findings 
draw a line under issues that have been 
resolved and are firmly in the past. I’m 
pleased the FCA recognised the significant 
investments we have made, as well as our 
ongoing commitment to managing these 
risks today.
As I reflect on my 7 years as Chair of the 
Group, Monzo’s progress has been nothing 
short of remarkable. It has grown from an 
early-stage challenger into a category-
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 8

\n[PAGE 9]\ndefining business. And FY2026 marked 
another major step forward – strengthening 
our ability to deliver our mission beyond our 
home market and transform people’s 
relationship with money. 
The Board is confident in Monzo’s leadership, 
strategy and long-term opportunity. We 
remain focused on creating sustainable value 
for shareholders, underpinned by strong 
governance, effective stewardship and a 
continued commitment to making money 
work for everyone.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank 
each and every Monzonaut for their energy, 
creativity and dedication to the mission, and 
our 15 million customers for the trust they 
place in Monzo every day. With every year of 
huge progress, it still feels like there’s so 
much more to come.
Gary Hoffman
Chair of the Board of Directors
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 9

\n[PAGE 10]\nGroup Chief Executive Officer’s review 
Monzo exists to make money work 
for everyone and this mission 
continues to shape how we build 
products and grow the business. 
Teams here care deeply about how 
they can improve the financial lives 
of our customers. It’s a truly tangible 
part of Monzo’s culture.
Building a business that can innovate at pace 
and invest for the future while delivering 
sustainable growth and profitability requires 
deliberate choices and discipline.
In FY2026, Monzo delivered really strong 
results while investing significantly in the 
foundations that will drive long-term growth 
and resilience in the UK and beyond.
Strong, diversified 
financial performance
Revenue increased by 39% to £1.7bn 
(FY2025: £1.2bn) with gross profit of £1.0bn 
(FY2025: £747.9m), up 35%. Adjusted profit 
before tax was £172.6m (FY2025: £143.9m), 
marking our third consecutive year of 
profitability. Our income is increasingly 
diversified, with four revenue streams 
generating over £300m each including 
current account balances, borrowing, 
payments and wealth, demonstrating the 
strength of the model. We continue to invest in 
international expansion, product innovation, 
customer acquisition and platform resilience 
to support our long-term growth. While costs 
have increased as a result, this investment 
paves the way for longer term efficiencies as 
we scale.
In FY2026, Monzo achieved several 
milestones. We became the first digital bank to 
receive a European banking licence via the 
Central Bank of Ireland. We agreed to acquire 
the digital UK mortgage broker Hey Habito Ltd 
('Habito') – our first ever acquisition. We also 
published a Sunday Times bestselling book, 
The Book of Money, to help people build the 
confidence and skills to feel better about 
money. These results reflect the work of an 
exceptional mission-led team under TS Anil’s 
leadership. I’m honoured to have been passed 
the baton to take this special business forward 
at this pivotal moment in Monzo’s journey.
Growth built on deep 
customer connection
In FY2026, Monzo welcomed more than 3m 
new customers across personal and business 
accounts, bringing the total to 15.2m, a 25% 
increase year on year (FY2025: 12.2m). This 
included an impressive 45% jump in business 
customers to a total 905k (FY2025: 625k). 
Today, around 1 in 5 UK adults and 1 in 7 UK 
businesses bank with Monzo – clear evidence 
of the continued demand for a bank that truly 
works for them. There’s still a big opportunity 
to do more in the UK, across all demographics. 
For example, less than a year after launching 
Monzo for Under 16s, the product has more 
than 1m customers, many of whom are taking 
their first ever steps into money management.
More than a decade since Monzo was 
founded, customer growth remains largely 
organic with 79% of new customers joining 
by word-of-mouth in FY2026. We also 
continued to top the rankings in the 
Competition and Markets Authority’s bi-
annual survey for overall service quality 
across business banking and personal current 
accounts in Great Britain1. That’s an important 
reflection of the trust we’ve built and 
something we’ll never take for granted. 
Customers aren’t just joining Monzo in large 
numbers; our existing customers are choosing 
to bring more and more of their financial lives 
to us. In FY2026, Monthly Active Users rose 
by 26% to 10.4m, with around half of our 
active customers using Monzo as their primary 
bank. Deposits increased by 55% to £25.7bn 
(FY2025: £16.6bn) as over 3.5m customers 
(FY2025: 2.3m) now save with Monzo. 4.1m 
customers choose Monzo for their borrowing 
needs with our lending book growing 42% 
year-on-year (FY2025: £1.9bn). And more 
than 1.6m customers (FY2025: 1m+) enjoy 
the additional benefits offered by our 
subscription plans. 
This increasing engagement creates a 
significant opportunity. As customers trust us 
with more of their money, we’re well 
positioned to support them in building long-
term financial security through investing, 
pensions and other tools that help their 
money work harder over time.
Investing for scale in 
the UK and beyond 
FY2026 unlocked new opportunities for the 
Monzo of the future. Securing a European 
banking licence provides the regulatory 
foundation to expand sustainably across 
Europe. But it is only the first step. Building a 
lasting presence in new markets takes time, 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 10
1 See page 195 for more information.

\n[PAGE 11]\ndiscipline and sustained investment – just as 
it did in the UK. Our ambition is depth over 
breadth, building meaningful relationships 
with customers in each market by solving 
their specific needs. We’ve already 
welcomed personal and business customers 
in Ireland and are excited by the opportunity 
to expand into other European markets, 
pairing ambition with disciplined execution to 
deliver sustainable growth over the long term.
As we sharpen this focus, we made the 
deliberate decision to close our US operations 
and focus efforts and investment on scaling in 
the UK and Europe, where we can have the 
greatest impact. We’re incredibly grateful to 
our US colleagues and customers who have 
supported Monzo’s journey to 
this point. 
In FY2026, we invested in our platform and 
infrastructure to scale while ensuring 
customers experience the same simplicity, 
security and reliability they expect from us. 
We’ll continue investing where it matters 
most, keeping customer money safe and 
ensuring our platform and systems remain 
resilient and built to serve many millions more.
Protecting our customers
As we grow, so does our responsibility to 
protect our customers. Our focus remains on 
preventing fraud before it happens. We 
continue to invest significantly in our fraud 
controls and launched more industry-first 
security tools like our undo payments 
feature, which allowed customers to reverse 
over £372m of mistaken payments during the 
year. We also introduced a dedicated Job 
Scam tool, which halved the amount of 
money customers sent in these types of 
scams between July 2025 and March 2026. 
Together, our investments have helped us 
prevent more than three times the amount of 
fraudulent transactions compared to the 
previous year.
But, new reimbursement rules introduced by 
the Payments Systems Regulator in late 2024, 
which requires all banks to refund Authorised 
Push Payment fraud, meant fraud losses 
increased during the year. We’ll continue to 
invest in technology to prevent and intercept 
fraud before it impacts our customers. 
Building for every 
financial need 
As economic pressures on customers 
increase and the geopolitical environment 
remains uncertain, tools that help people 
manage their money with clarity and 
confidence matter more than ever.
FY2026 saw the launch of new products, 
including exchange-traded funds for 
investors, home insurance, and a free HMRC-
recognised tax filing tool for sole traders. 
We also agreed to acquire digital mortgage 
broker Habito to support those wanting a 
simpler way to find the right mortgage for 
them. This builds on the more than 550,000 
people that already track their mortgage via 
our Homeownership feature – the UK’s first 
tool that connects any mortgage, shows your 
balance and home value, and highlights 
better deals.
All of these products reflect our mission and 
differentiating approach at Monzo. From Call 
Status and Get Paid Early to Tax Pots and 
Gambling Block, we focus on solving genuine 
customer problems with intuitive tools, 
powered by deep engineering and magical 
design. Many of these features were new to 
the market and have since become standard 
across the industry. Preserving that mindset 
as we scale is something I care deeply about.
We have a huge opportunity to deepen the 
role we play in our customers’ financial lives 
by continuing to broaden and mature our 
product suite. Our customers span different 
life stages, circumstances and ambitions – 
from those taking their first steps into 
investing or homeownership, to customers 
with more complex financial goals who expect 
greater value, choice and rewards from their 
bank. Making money work for everyone means 
meeting that full spectrum of needs. 
Since year-end, we’ve lifted our waitlist in 
Ireland and announced Spain as our next 
European market. We’ll continue to focus on 
building outstanding products while using 
technology – and increasingly AI – to tailor the 
banking experience to our customers’ 
individual needs at scale. By surfacing relevant 
insights and tools at the right moment, we can 
help customers make informed decisions that 
strengthen their financial future. Our ambition 
is to be a trusted partner that proactively 
supports customers with more of their 
financial decisions and evolves with their 
needs over time.
Looking forward
In FY2026, we expanded the scale, breadth 
and impact of our business while investing in 
the foundations that enable us to pursue our 
ambitions at home and abroad. 
We’re proud of the incredible milestones 
Monzo has achieved so far. And we’re clear 
about our priorities for the year ahead: build 
on our momentum in the UK, scale in Europe 
with discipline, and deepen our role in 
customers’ financial lives with more products 
that meet more of their needs. 
To our customers, a huge thank you for the 
trust you place in us. To our Monzonauts, 
thank you for the warmest of welcomes, your 
professionalism, energy and customer-
obsession. Together we’re building a digital 
bank designed to stand the test of time, 
one that will be even more relevant and loved 
in 50 years than it is today.
Diana Layfield
Group Chief Executive Officer
Monzo Bank Holding Group
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 11
\n[PAGE 12]\nOur business model and strategy
Our mission 
Our mission is to make money work for 
everyone. Many people still experience 
financial services as complex, unclear and 
often stressful, but we know it doesn’t have 
to be that way.
That’s why we operate as a technology-led, 
regulated bank, designing innovative 
products that give customers greater clarity, 
control and confidence in managing their 
financial lives. We aim to support customers 
at every stage of their financial lives — from 
spending and saving to borrowing, investing 
and protecting their money — as well as 
through selected adjacent services that 
complement our core offering, all in a single, 
simple and transparent place.
Since launch, we’ve grown into one of the 
UK’s largest digital banks, serving over 15m 
personal and business customers. FY2026 
marked continued progress in meeting more 
of our customers’ needs, enhancing the 
resilience and performance of our platform, 
strengthening profitability and laying the 
foundations for disciplined international 
expansion. 
Our competitive advantages
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 12
Our own 
technology platform
Our cloud-native architecture puts 
products in customers’ hands faster, and 
in way that scales at low cost. 
Customer-centric 
culture
We design products around real 
customer needs, leading to high 
engagement and advocacy.
An iconic 
UK brand
Our brand recognition and customer trust 
help with efficient customer acquisition, 
high retention and ever deepening 
primary bank relationships.
AI-powered credit 
and data capabilities
Our underwriting and data science 
capabilities promote disciplined lending 
growth and improve risk management.
Regulated 
bank
Full banking licences in the UK 
and EU give us credibility, funding access 
and regulatory stability.
Digital-first 
operating model
Being a digital bank without branches 
means we benefit from structural cost 
efficiencies and can stay operationally 
flexible. 
\n[PAGE 13]\nOur business and 
operating model
Our business model is built on our 
competitive advantages, with current 
accounts and payments serving as the 
primary entry point for customers. 
As customers increasingly use us for their 
day-to-day banking through their current 
account, we build deep and lasting 
relationships, putting ourselves at the heart 
of their everyday banking.
From there, we’ve built a diverse, high-
margin set of financial services that covers 
savings, subscriptions, international 
payments, insurance, pensions, investments 
and responsible lending. 
Customers
We serve 14.2m personal customers in the 
UK, with around 50% of active customers 
choosing Monzo as their primary bank2 
account in FY2026. Our retail customer base 
is nationwide, with a higher concentration in 
London, and is slightly younger than the 
overall UK population. We also serve 905k 
businesses, focused on sole traders with a 
growing presence across small and 
increasingly more complex businesses as our 
offering expands. 
Revenue model
Our revenues come primarily from the 
following sources.
• Interchange fees, charged to merchants 
when customers spend on debit and credit 
cards both domestically and internationally.
• Interest income earned from managing 
liquidity in current accounts and savings.
• Interest income earned from lending 
through credit cards, personal loans and 
overdrafts.
• Subscription plan revenues.
• Fee income more broadly, including from 
investment, pension, insurance and foreign 
exchange (FX) services.
Together, these revenue streams create a 
diversified recurring income base across fee-
based and interest-bearing sources. In 
FY2026, 4 revenue streams each generated 
more than £300m in annual revenue 
(FY2025: 1), demonstrating the breadth and 
scale of our multi-product platform.
We generate revenue across both personal 
banking and business banking, with business 
banking contributing 14% of total revenues in 
FY2026, up from 12% in FY2025.
Funding and capital model
Our balance sheet is primarily funded by 
retail deposits, providing a scalable and low-
cost source of funding. Our deposit base is 
highly stable, and we hedge our interest rate 
exposure to reduce volatility in interest 
income over a rolling 4-year horizon. We 
invest excess liquidity in high quality liquid 
assets to generate an incremental spread 
over base rates. 
We use capital selectively, lending 
responsibly where we can achieve attractive 
risk-adjusted returns.
This capital-light approach is designed to 
support a high return on equity model over 
time, while maintaining strong regulatory 
capital ratios.
Operating model
Our operating model supports scalable 
growth, rapid product development and 
efficient product delivery at scale.
We run a digital-first, cloud-native platform, 
which allows us to serve a rapidly growing 
customer base and expand our product 
offering at low marginal cost. This gives us 
structural cost advantages and allows us to 
iterate quickly in response to customer 
needs.
We increasingly embed AI across 
engineering, operations and customer 
support to improve productivity, enhance 
customer experience and scale the platform 
efficiently (see page 20). 
Our Engineering teams work closely with 
Operations and Risk, helping us deliver new 
products and features at pace while 
maintaining appropriate oversight. This 
integrated model supports both innovation 
and disciplined execution as we scale.
We’re primarily based in the UK and are 
expanding our presence in the EU, with a 
distributed footprint that provides access to a 
broad talent pool and supports our 
international expansion. Ireland serves as our 
EU base, where we’ve continued to build out 
our local team during the year, supported by 
our Group infrastructure. During the year, we 
also established our Barcelona technology 
hub to expand product development and 
access specialised technology talent, 
supporting both UK and EU operations. See 
page 27 for information on the team growth.
We also partner with external providers to 
extend our product offering in selected areas. 
This includes partnerships with BlackRock 
(investments), Raindrop (pension 
consolidation) and Chubb (home and 
contents insurance), letting us offer a broader 
range of products with specialist expertise.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 13
2 Applies to UK Retail customers. A customer is primary bank if their inbound or outbound payment flows (meeting 
certain criteria) are greater than or equal to £800; in both the last 35-days and the 35 days prior to that (35-70 days).
\n[PAGE 14]\nOur strategic priorities
Our strategy is focused on 5 priorities that 
support sustainable, profitable growth and 
create long-term value for all our 
stakeholders.
Attract new customers efficiently
Strong brand recognition and high levels of 
customer advocacy support our aim to grow 
our customer base in a capital-efficient way. 
This approach allows us to scale while 
preserving attractive unit economics.
Deepen primary banking 
relationships
We focus on becoming the primary financial 
services provider for our customers. Higher 
engagement and increased product use 
strengthen retention, improve monetisation 
and support sustainable revenue growth.
Diversify revenue streams with 
genuinely original products
Expanding the range of products we offer – 
across payments, borrowing, subscriptions, 
investments and more – lets customers 
manage more of their financial lives with 
Monzo. 
This increases share of wallet, strengthens 
customer loyalty, boosts our competitiveness, 
and reduces our reliance on a single source 
of income. This diversified model also 
improves our resilience in different economic 
environments.
Scale efficiently through a 
disciplined, technology-led 
operating model
Our digital-first platform enables us to launch 
products rapidly, scale efficiently and 
operate with resilience. As we grow, we are 
increasingly focused on leveraging 
automation, data and technology to improve 
productivity and reduce our cost-to-serve, 
supporting a structurally lower cost base 
over time relative to incumbent banks, while 
maintaining our award-winning service and 
regulatory compliance.
Expand internationally 
with depth and discipline
Securing our European Banking Licence in 
December 2025 allowed us to launch in 
Ireland and make our first step towards 
building a sustainable, scalable EU business. 
Our expansion strategy is focused on depth 
over breadth in Europe, prioritising markets 
where we can build primary banking 
relationships and strong customer 
engagement from the outset.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 14

\n[PAGE 15]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 15
\n[PAGE 16]\nIn focus: Personal banking
This year we continued to expand 
our product offering to meet a wider 
range of our customer’s financial 
needs. Today, they can use Monzo 
to manage day-to-day spending and 
budgeting alongside longer-term 
financial needs like saving, 
borrowing, investing, home 
ownership, insurance and 
retirement planning. 
Around half of our active customers choose 
Monzo as their primary bank as we deepen 
our relationship with customers by making 
Monzo more personalised and firmly rooted 
in their financial lives. This includes building 
intelligent new tools for both individual and 
household money management. And we’re 
only just getting started. We see huge 
opportunities to take this approach further in 
the UK, and scale in the EU. In FY2026, we 
started serving our first customers in Ireland 
with free personal, joint and Under 16s 
current accounts with local IBANs. 
Making everyday 
money magical
• Rescue mistaken transfers using our 
industry-first Undo Payments feature. 
• Stay on top of subscriptions and other 
commitments with our Bills Calendar.
• Get rewarded for doing more with Monzo, 
with Double Payday and Billsback. 
• Grab perks like a boosted savings rate and 
an Uber One membership with our Monzo 
Perks and Monzo Max plans.
Helping customers gain 
momentum with their 
finances
• Start a money saving habit with our daily 
automated Saving Challenge. 
• Earn a higher savings rate without fully 
locking your money away with our Select 
Access Savings Pot. 
• Get the chance to build up a repayment 
history and access better borrowing 
options with Monzo Flex Build.
• Find and combine your pensions to bring 
them all under one roof to get a clear 
picture.
• Protect your place and the stuff you love 
with Monzo Home Insurance.
• Invest in a wider range of funds, like the 
S&P500, NASDAQ 100, Blockchain 
creators, short-term bonds and more. 
• View your savings, investments, pensions, 
and mortgage together in the new 
Grow tab.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 16

\n[PAGE 17]\nHugh Gray
Squid
Monzo Business customer
In focus: Business banking
Monzo Business exists to make 
running a business simpler and 
more rewarding. Today, 1 in 7 UK 
businesses bank with Monzo.
We work closely with our business customers 
to understand their needs so that we build 
products and features to support businesses 
at every stage, from sole traders just starting 
out to growing limited companies with more 
complex needs. And we’re now doing that in 
Europe as well as the UK.
For the next chapter of our mission to make 
money work for businesses, we’re focused 
on serving businesses in new markets, 
expanding our product suite to serve the 
complex needs of larger businesses and 
finding even more innovative ways to simplify 
admin, give our customers more control and 
save them time. 
Squid is building a universal loyalty 
platform connecting consumers, local 
businesses and major brands across the UK 
and Ireland. What began as a digital loyalty 
card for independent Irish cafés has grown 
into a platform used by nearly 2,500 
businesses and downloaded by almost 
800,000 consumers. As the company grew 
to more than 30 people, managing finances 
became increasingly complex.
“We’re a growing startup with operations in 
both Ireland and the UK,” says Hugh, Head 
of Finance at Squid. “That means payroll in 
different currencies, team expenses, 
payments coming in from different 
partners. It adds layers of complexity 
very quickly.”
As one of our early Irish business 
customers, Squid chose Monzo Business 
to simplify that complexity and give the 
team better tools to collaborate.
“Ultimately what we want is everything in 
one place,” Hugh explains. “Expense cards, 
payments, integrations with our accounting 
software – when those systems are 
connected, you remove a huge amount 
of admin.”
With features like multi-user access, 
approvals and bulk payments, we help 
companies like Squid collaborate across 
a growing team while keeping control of 
company spending.
“In a scaling startup, every minute counts,” 
Hugh says. “The time we get back from 
financial admin can go straight into 
supporting our customers and growing 
the business.”
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 17
“As we grow, 
we need banking 
that grows with us.”
Simplifying finance 
as a fast-growing Irish 
team expands
* Business Current Accounts Great Britain: These results are from an independent survey carried out between January 
2025 and December 2025 by BVA BDRC as part of a regulatory requirement. 20,450 people were surveyed in total. 
To find out more visit: BVA-BDRC.com/business-banking-service-quality
\n[PAGE 18]\nRunning a licensed home dog boarding 
business means early starts, long walks and 
building trusted relationships with clients – 
alongside managing the admin that comes 
with being self-employed.
When HMRC introduced Making Tax Digital 
requirements for sole traders in 2026, 
Emily Palmer, owner of The Collar Club 
Ipswich, worried it would mean extra costs 
and getting an accountant.
Instead, she started using Monzo 
Business’s new, free HMRC-recognised tax 
filing tool. After an initial catch-up 
reviewing past transactions, she built a 
simple habit: “If you start at the beginning 
of the tax year, you just do it as you go. 
Then it’s all there, it’s sorted.”
Using her Monzo Business card for fuel 
and day-to-day expenses, she captures 
receipts and categorises spending in 
seconds.
She also uses our invoicing feature, with 
payment links that automatically reconcile 
when clients pay. With everything in one 
place, she can quickly see how much a 
client has paid or how much she’s spent.
“It just gives you clarity on where your 
business is at - what you’re spending, what 
you’re making. It’s the reassurance that it’s 
done and submitted,” she says. “It just 
makes things easier.”
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 18
Making tax simple 
for a self-employed 
business owner
Emily Palmer
The Collar Club Ipswich
Monzo Business customer
With powerful tools and intuitive design,
we’re building a one-stop shop for business
“Monzo Business just 
gives you clarity on 
where your business 
is at. It’s like a weight 
off your mind.”
Helping bigger 
businesses 
collaborate
Bring extra hands on deck by giving 
different levels of account access to 
multiple team members.
Manage team spending with expense 
cards.
Simplify working with accountants and 
bookkeepers with auto-statement and 
transaction exports.
Saving 
businesses time
File taxes directly to HMRC with 
our free Making Tax Digital tool.
Scan and extract receipts instantly 
with receipt capture.
Pay multiple suppliers in one go with 
bulk payments.
Putting 
businesses 
back in control
Get a snapshot of business performance 
with cashflow insights.
Get paid 11 days faster with Monzo 
payment links on invoices.
All the info you need at your fingertips 
with accounting integrations.
Improving how 
businesses 
manage 
their money
Smooth out cash flow crunches with 
limited company loans and overdrafts. 
Automatically set a percentage of your 
income aside for paying taxes later.
Earn interest in an Instant Access 
Savings Pot.
\n[PAGE 19]\nIn focus: Technology 
and platform
Built for scale and safety
In FY2026, our payments platform achieved 
99.995% availability across the year, 
processing £569.7bn in gross transaction 
volume and supporting a 25% increase in our 
customer base to over 15m customers. It was 
a year that proved that our platform is safe, 
reliable, resilient and is ready to scale 
internationally. 
We continued to strengthen platform 
resilience by rearchitecting key data storage 
systems, improving infrastructure segregation 
to ensure that any localised issues remain 
contained and introducing faster change 
mechanisms that allow teams to safely 
introduce new products, features, fixes and 
changes faster than ever.
Our platform is built to handle busy periods, 
like our much loved Get Paid Early feature, 
which lets customers access their salary up 
to 72 hours before payday. It automatically 
scales within seconds to manage demand up 
to 3× higher than usual. In our latest peak, we 
processed over £750m in early salary 
payments with no disruption.
We continued to invest in Stand-In, our 
cloud-based resilience system designed to 
automatically step in and maintain essential 
services in the event that our primary 
platform has issues. This year it made sure we 
achieved 99.998% availability for Faster 
Payment System (FPS) processing, and 
99.996% availability for card processing, 
smoothly and safely handling over 8.5m 
transactions worth over £220m.
Embracing AI at scale
In FY2026, we incorporated AI more deeply 
into our core operations, transforming how 
we build products and support our 
customers, and helping us scale safely and 
efficiently.
Across our technology teams, 87% are using 
AI tooling every week. AI is no longer just an 
ideation tool, it’s actively contributing to our 
product and platform. Our AI coding tools are 
responsible for 22% of all the code we 
commit and the same tooling supports 
engineers during technical investigations, 
acting as a second pair of hands to assess 
and diagnose issues, help identify root 
causes and create fixes.
In customer service, using AI has had a direct 
and meaningful impact on customer support, 
routing customers to the best-suited human 
agent with greater context so urgent queries 
get attention sooner. Our AI-driven self-
service system handles 62% of inbound 
customer chats and resolves 55% of these 
independently, receiving high customer 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 19

\n[PAGE 20]\nsatisfaction scores of 4.4/5. Customers 
benefit from 24/7 instant support with issues 
like declined transactions, missing refunds 
and payment limit increases being resolved in 
seconds. 
AI is also improving experiences for our most 
vulnerable customers. We launched some 
machine learning powered safeguarding that 
helps identify and reduce intervention times 
for some of our most vulnerable customers, 
improving both the speed and accuracy of 
getting customers to the right support and 
strengthening our ability to deliver faster, 
safer care where it matters most.
Fraud and financial 
crime prevention
Fraud is still a big and evolving challenge for 
the entire industry. Through continued 
investment in real-time, preventative tools 
and AI, we’re stopping more fraud than ever, 
preventing more than 3× the amount of 
money from being taken from our customers 
than in the year before. We are committed to 
continued investment in our capabilities 
across financial crime, to ensure we are well 
placed to protect our customers from 
evolving threats.
At the core of this effort is our investment in 
representation learning, which allows our 
systems to analyse and learn from multiple 
fraud types simultaneously. By identifying 
shared behaviours across different threats, 
we have improved detection rates by 
approximately 30%. This allows our systems 
to detect emerging threats automatically, 
minimising the need for manual intervention.
These tools help us protect customers in real 
time. If a payment looks suspicious, we ask 
customers to confirm it or complete extra 
checks, like entering their PIN or verifying 
their ID. We can also briefly pause payments 
so customers can reconsider or get advice, 
helping us stop 25% more scams. For higher-
risk cases, our Job Scam tool temporarily 
holds transfers and has cut losses from these 
scams by half. 
One of our fraud AI agents now interacts with 
customers to clarify payment details, helping 
us resolve tasks in around 30 seconds – 90× 
faster than without AI support. At the same 
time, it increases our ability to detect criminal 
activity by at least a factor of 2. This is 
another example of how we’ve used AI to 
strengthen our Financial Crime and Fraud 
Controls to protect our customers.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 20

\n[PAGE 21]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 21
Financial 
review
21
22 Key results
23 Group Chief Financial Officer’s review
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 22]\nKey results
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 22
\n[PAGE 23]\nGroup Chief Financial 
Officer’s review 
FY2026 was a year of significant 
progress for Monzo, delivering 
strong growth at scale, with 
increasing profitability. 
Gross profit increased to £1.0bn, up 35% 
year over year, reflecting the continued 
scalability of our business model. Adjusted 
profit before tax reached £172.6m, up 20% 
year on year and marking our third 
consecutive year of profitability.
This performance reflects sustained 
customer growth, deeper engagement and 
increasing take-up of our product suite. 
Personal banking momentum remained 
strong, while business banking accelerated 
further.
Customer growth remained a key driver of 
this performance, with 3m new customers 
added during the year — our highest annual 
additions to date — up from 2.4m last year. 
Around 79% of new customers were 
acquired through word of mouth, including 
through referrals, underscoring the strength 
of our brand and customer proposition, as 
well as the efficiency of our customer 
acquisition model. We ended the year with 
over 15m customers across personal and 
business banking, representing a 25% 
increase year over year. Business banking 
growth was particularly strong, with 280k 
new business customers added in FY2026 – 
45% more than the prior year and more than 
double the number from two years ago – 
bringing the total number of businesses we 
serve to 905k.
Customer engagement continued to 
strengthen during the year. Monthly active 
users reached 10.4m, up 26% year over year, 
with 49% of monthly active users choosing 
Monzo for their primary banking needs. The 
average number of products per customer 
increased to 3.2 from 3.0 last year, and card 
spend grew 32% year over year.
We now hold £25.7bn of deposits on behalf 
of our customers, up 55% year over year. 
This consists of £10.2bn in current account 
balances and £15.5bn in savings deposits. 
Over 3.5m customers now hold savings with 
Monzo. Deposits per Monthly Active User 
('MAU') reached £2,462, up 23% year over 
year, reflecting the increasing depth of our 
customer relationships. Adoption of our 
subscription plans continued to increase, 
with 1.6m customers now subscribed, 
representing 16% of our total monthly active 
users. In addition, our investment offering 
continued to gain traction, with just under 
£1bn of assets under administration, 
representing twofold growth year over year.
This deeper engagement and increased 
product adoption translated into higher 
Average Revenue Per Active Customer 
(ARPAC). In personal banking, ARPAC 
reached £167, up 9% year over year, while 
business banking ARPAC grew to £484, 
higher by 12% year over year.
As a result, total revenue increased 39% year 
over year to £1.7bn. Gross profit grew to 
£1.0bn, up 35% year over year, with a slightly 
lower gross profit margin (59% in FY2026 vs. 
61% in FY2025). The margin decrease 
reflects higher interest expenses (up 43% 
year over year, driven by growth in customer 
savings balances), and higher fee and 
commission expenses (up 65% year over 
year), driven by increased transaction 
expenses, which include Apple Pay fees, 
and increased partnership-related costs 
as we invested in our investments and 
pensions platform.
Lending remains a growing contributor, 
supported by disciplined underwriting and 
measured portfolio expansion. Gross 
balances grew by 42% to £2.6bn, and 
revenues increased 39% year over year. 
While expected credit losses increased in 
absolute terms alongside loan growth, they 
grew at a slower rate than balances, 
reflecting improving portfolio performance. 
The total loan loss rate3 improved to 9.0% 
from 9.4% a year ago, and the realised loan 
loss rate improved to 6.7% from 7.5% in the 
prior year. 
Business banking now represents 14% of 
total revenue, compared with 12% a year ago. 
We continue to see growth in the number of 
businesses subscribing to our paid products 
(Monzo Pro or Monzo Team), with 
subscriptions increasing 27% year over year. 
This represents 47% of monthly active 
business customers subscribing to our paid 
plans (FY2025: 54%). Recent customer 
cohorts are delivering higher ARPAC levels.
During the year, we also agreed our first ever 
acquisition, with the planned purchase of 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 23
3 This is our full expected credit loss expense as a percentage of average gross lending balances during the period.
In previous years we’ve measured our loan loss rate using only realised losses.

\n[PAGE 24]\nHabito, a leading UK digital mortgage broker. 
The transaction will enable a capital-efficient 
expansion into the large, broker-led mortgage 
market and reflects our disciplined and highly 
selective approach to M&A, aligned with our 
long-term strategic priorities.
We are deliberately investing ahead of 
revenue to support long-term growth. This 
includes marketing to accelerate customer 
growth, building out the team to support our 
European launch, and investing in product 
development across the Group. Growth-
related operating costs increased driven 
primarily by investment in hiring, 
performance marketing and customer 
onboarding. Separately, costs were impacted 
by regulatory developments, including the 
full-year impact of changes to fraud 
reimbursement rules, which increased 
customer refunds for fraudulent transactions. 
As a result, our cost-to-income ratio (CIR)4 
increased slightly to 74% from 70% last year, 
primarily reflecting this planned investment 
phase. These investments will support long-
term growth.
FY2026 performance was delivered against 
a backdrop of declining interest rates and 
ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. 
Looking ahead, interest rate expectations 
have become more uncertain. Our diversified 
revenue mix and structural hedging 
framework support earnings resilience across 
different rate environments. Approximately 
46% of our deposit balances (March 2025: 
44%) are structurally hedged, representing 
the core of our interest rate risk exposure. 
This means that a 100bps change in interest 
rates would impact annual interest income by 
approximately £23.9m, broadly consistent 
with our sensitivity at March 2025 (£22.1m), 
even as our interest income has increased by 
39% over the same period. 
Our Treasury portfolio, which primarily 
invests surplus deposits in High Quality 
Liquid Assets (HQLA), continues to scale, 
supporting profitability while maintaining a 
strong liquidity position. We maintain a 
conservative balance sheet, with cash 
reserves at the Bank of England being 60% of 
total customer deposits. Net Interest Margin 
declined to 3.7% from 4.1%, reflecting a 
higher mix of remunerated savings balances 
as a proportion of overall deposits, partially 
offset by the expansion of our structural 
hedge, which has supported net interest 
income despite a 75bps reduction in the UK 
base rate during FY2026.
Our risk-weighted assets grew in FY2026, 
driven by growth in our lending book and 
overall business activity, resulting in higher 
capital requirements. Nevertheless, we 
remain well capitalised with a Common 
Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 33% (compared 
to 56% in FY2025), above internal targets 
and regulatory minimum requirements. This 
positions us well to scale sustainably while 
maintaining a strong capital and liquidity 
profile.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 24
4 Adjusted to remove any of the exceptional items, which in FY2026 is the FCA fine (£21.1m) and our restructuring 
provision (£5.3m)(FY2025: Removal of the impact on personnel expenses of the secondary sale, £53.4m). See our 
Alternative performance measures for the basis of the CIR calculation.

\n[PAGE 25]\nFinancial performance overview
Group consolidated profit and loss
Interest income 1,199,655 861,673 549,991 167,956 37,809
Fee and commission income 458,972 329,165 238,662 169,095 103,270
Other operating income 53,669 44,517 46,178 18,582 13,161
Revenue 1,712,296 1,235,355 834,831 355,633 154,240
Interest expense (376,949) (262,833) (136,003) (3,709) (3,727)
Fee and commission expense (118,854) (72,000) (46,796) (36,212) (22,481)
Credit loss expense on financial assets (203,680) (152,595) (170,174) (101,203) (14,013)
Cost of revenue (699,483) (487,428) (352,973) (141,124) (40,221)
Gross profit 1,012,813 747,927 481,858 214,509 114,019
Personnel expenses (421,583) (352,929) (241,003) (175,325) (130,151)
Other operating expenses (503,942) (334,520) (226,908) (155,525) (102,888)
Total Expenses (925,525) (687,449) (467,911) (330,850) (233,039)
Profit/ (Loss) before tax 87,288 60,478 13,947 (116,341) (119,020)
Tax (expense)/ credit (958) 34,090 (6,739) — —
Profit/ (Loss) for the year 86,330 94,568 7,208 (116,341) (119,020)
Audited 12 month period 
ended 31 March 2026
Audited 12 month period 
ended 31 March 2025
Unaudited 12 month period 
ended 31 March 20245
Audited 12 month period 
ended 28 February 2023
Audited 12 month period 
ended 28 February 2022
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 25
5 The Group was audited for a 13 month period ending 31 March 2024. The comparative unaudited 12 month period ended 31 March 2024 has been presented in the table above to aid comparison.
\n[PAGE 26]\nInterest income increased 
39% to £1.2bn
A £338m increase on £862m 
in FY2025
Customer deposits increased significantly, up 
55% to over £25bn. This was driven by 
growth in customer savings deposits (up 75% 
to £15.5bn) and customer growth of 3.0m, a 
25% increase compared with March 2025 
leading to current account balances 
increasing by 32% to £10.2bn.
We increased our treasury asset income 
twofold (£169m) to £339m, reflecting 
expansion of the credit investment portfolio, 
which has more than doubled in notional 
value since March 2025 as a result of deposit 
growth. The treasury investment portfolio is 
predominantly comprised of High Quality 
Liquid Assets (HQLA).
Our lending income increased 39% year-on-
year to £377m. We grew our gross lending 
across the board: loans were 41% (£0.4bn) 
higher, Monzo Flex increased 49% (£0.3bn), 
and overdrafts rose 33% (£0.2bn). The 
number of customers borrowing from us 
reached 4.1m.
Even as interest rates fell (dropping 75 basis 
points since FY2025), our interest from 
deposits held with the Bank of England still 
increased 12% to £484m (£51m), supported 
by a 40% increase in cash balances and our 
structural hedge. We continued to expand 
our structural hedging programme, with 
notional balances 64% higher than March 
2025, protecting our net interest income in a 
declining rate environment.
Fee and commission 
income increased 39% 
to £459.0m
A £129.8m increase on £329.2m 
in FY2025
Our transaction income grew 37% (£86.3m) 
year-on-year, supported by higher payment 
volumes. Card spend increased 32%, which 
increased interchange income by £68.0m. 
We also made an additional £13.6m from 
international payments fees, driven by the 
growth in Monzo-powered cross-border 
payment volumes, which now make up 73% 
of international payments (7% in FY2025).
Average monthly transactions per active user 
increased to 62, up from 59 in FY2025, 
reflecting continued growth in customer 
engagement.
Subscription income increased by 62% 
(£46.9m) year-over-year, with more than 
450k additional personal banking customers 
and 60k additional business banking 
customers subscribing to our upgraded plans 
(up 55% and 27% respectively compared to 
FY2025). During the year, we enhanced the 
subscription proposition, including the 
introduction of partner benefits such as Uber 
One, enabling subscribers to earn interest on 
balances saved through The Saving 
Challenge, and offering bill-related cashback 
incentives through a monthly prize draw.
Our investment products delivered strong 
growth during the year. We refreshed our 
investments platform and assets under 
administration doubled to just under £1bn. 
Half a million customers now invest with us, 
which is 65% higher than last year. Our 
pensions product grew at an even faster 
pace, with assets under administration 
increasing sixfold year-on-year.
We shifted our focus from partnership 
commissions on external Savings Pots to 
Monzo-powered savings products. As a 
result, partnership commission income 
declined 18%, more than offset by growth in 
overall deposit income. 
Other operating income 
increased 21% to £53.7m
A £9.2m increase on £44.5m 
in FY2025
This includes business-to-business 
innovation grants (£30.8m).
We also saw an increase to our unrealised fair 
value gains from credit spreads (£9.6m) on 
the asset swapped bonds in our credit 
investment portfolio. This is expected to 
decrease over time as hedge accounting is 
applied to future exposures.
Interest expense 
increased 43% to £376.9m
A £114.1m increase on £262.8m 
in FY2025
Customer savings balances grew 75% year-
on-year, even as we passed on interest rate 
cuts made by the Bank of England. 
The Saving Challenge continued to drive 
customer savings engagement, with 
customers collectively saving £300m 
through the challenge. Interest was paid on 
these balances to eligible subscribers. 
Participation has continued to grow in 2026, 
with more than 2 million customers taking 
part in the Saving Challenge, compared to 
1.5m last year.
We continued to expand our savings offering. 
For example, amounts saved in Cash ISAs 
grew twofold year-on-year, and in March 
2026 we launched Select Access Savings 
Pots that give customers more choice over 
how they save, letting them pick the option 
that works best for their goals, where 
customers have already collectively saved 
over £100m.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 26
\n[PAGE 27]\nFee and commission 
expense increased 65% 
to £118.9m
A £46.9m increase on £72.0m 
in FY2025
As our customer base grew and engagement 
with our products increased, the direct costs 
associated with delivering those products 
also increased.
Subscription expenses increased 62% 
(£23.5m), in line with growth in subscription 
income. These costs primarily reflect the 
direct expenses associated with delivering 
subscription benefits, including third-party 
services – like Uber One and prize draws.
Transaction expenses increased 44% 
(£14.6m), broadly in line with transaction 
income growth, reflecting higher card and 
cross-border payment volumes. 
Our partnership expenses increased 
more than tenfold to £9.7m, reflecting the 
expansion of our investments, pensions 
and insurance offering and associated 
partner costs.
Credit loss expense 
increased 33% to £203.7m
A £51.1m increase on £152.6m 
in FY2025 
Our loan balances grew 42% over the year, 
reaching £2.6bn by year-end. Expected 
credit losses increased alongside lending 
growth; however, they grew at a slower rate 
than balances, reflecting improving portfolio 
performance. 
Our loan loss rate dropped from 9.4% in 
FY2025 to 9.0% in FY2026, reflecting 
improving arrears performance and stronger 
credit quality. As a result, our balance 
coverage reduced from 13.6% in March 2025 
to 12.5%. This represents the proportion of 
gross lending balances covered by an 
impairment loss allowance.
FY2026 FY2025
Loans  3.1%  3.6% 
Flex  5.6%  5.6% 
Overdrafts  6.7%  5.9% 
*Excluding payment plans
Balance in arrears*
Impairment adequacy summary
FY2026 FY2025
ECL £330m £251m
Loans £98m £81m
Flex £120m £87m
Overdrafts £112m £83m
Drawn balance £2,641m £1,853m
Loans £1,253m £897m
Flex £843m £553m
Overdrafts £545m £403m
Portfolio coverage  12.5%  13.6% 
Loans  7.8%  9.1% 
Flex  14.2%  15.7% 
Overdrafts  20.5%  20.6% 
Personnel expense 
increased 19% to £421.6m
A £68.7m increase on £352.9m 
in FY2025
Our personnel expenses in FY2025 included 
a one-off cost of £53.4m from our secondary 
share sale. If we adjust for that, personnel 
expenses increased 41% year-on-year, 
reflecting how we’ve grown and invested 
in our team.
Our salary costs increased by 37% during the 
year as we expanded our team and invested 
in our people.
During the year, we continued to invest in our 
people through market-aligned 
compensation reviews, ensuring salaries 
remained competitive and appropriate. We 
increased hiring across product and 
technology functions in the UK to support 
ongoing product development and platform 
expansion, while also strengthening 
regulated and control functions, including 
Financial Crime, to enhance operational 
resilience and risk management as the 
business scales.
We expanded our EU team to 73 employees, 
bringing in experienced senior leaders to 
support international growth.
As a result, average headcount for 
Monzonauts over the period in Business and 
Technology increased 37% to 1,826, up from 
1,336 in FY2025.
Average COps (Customer Operations) 
headcount increased 15% to 2,848, up from 
2,485 in FY2025.
Other operating expenses 
increased 51% to £503.9m
A £167.9m increase on £334.5m 
in FY2025
Marketing costs increased 46% (£44.7m) 
to £143.1m. Referral costs increased 
significantly, up threefold year-on-year by 
£21.6m to £29.5m. Referral-led acquisition 
continues to be supported by high levels of 
customer engagement and remains a cost-
efficient channel for customer growth, with 
referred customers typically acquired at a 
lower cost than from other channels.
Customer account operating costs increased 
44% (£42.0m) year-on-year, driven partly by 
fraud losses. We reimbursed victims of fraud 
£59.6m for fraud losses, 85% higher than last 
year, reflecting a full year under the Payment 
Systems Regulator (PSR) mandatory 
reimbursement regime for Authorised Push 
Payment (APP) scams introduced in October 
2024. Fraud costs further increased in line 
with customer growth, higher transaction 
volumes and a more proactive customer 
reimbursement policy. 
Excluding fraud losses, customer account 
operating costs, which includes the cost of 
sending customers their physical cards and 
conducting onboarding Know Your Customer 
(KYC) checks, are 23% higher year-on-year, 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 27
\n[PAGE 28]\nbroadly aligned with 25% customer growth 
over the same period.
Outsourcing costs increased by 73% 
(+£23.1m) year-on-year as we grew our 
on-demand support capacity related to 
customer support. 
Technology costs increased 31% (£18.1m) 
to £77.4m, reflecting continued investment 
in platform resilience and scalability. 
The benefits of these investments were 
demonstrated in January 2026 where Monzo 
Stand-In allowed us to maintain availability of 
critical services during a disruption event.
We incurred the cost of a £21.1m fine 
imposed by the FCA in relation to historic 
financial crime control failings between 
October 2018 and August 2020. The cost of 
this fine is included in Other expenses.
Legal and professional costs increased 6% 
(£1.4m) to £19.7m, including costs associated 
with EU licensing and the acquisition of 
Habito.
Our tax expense 
increased to £1.0m
A £35.1m decrease on our £34.1m 
tax credit in FY2025
We recognised a net tax charge through the 
income statement, which is made up of:
• the corporation tax expense we incurred as 
a result of another year of profitability 
(£25.7m), offset by;
• a deferred tax credit (£24.6m), driven by 
full recognition of a deferred tax asset on 
our UK trading losses.
We’re now paying substantially more 
corporation tax as a result of continued 
profitability. Because our current tax charge 
is offset by a deferred tax credit, our effective 
tax rate was 0.37% (FY2025: −0.56%).
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 28

\n[PAGE 29]\nGroup consolidated balance sheet 
Cash and cash equivalents 15,450,659 11,021,763 7,624,300 3,101,242 3,134,540
Treasury investments 9,482,722 5,381,870 3,634,401 2,727,520 1,675,478
Loans and advances to customers 2,311,925 1,602,470 1,190,215 653,733 235,083
Deferred tax asset 99,486 45,788 — — —
Other assets 260,918 211,960 516,897 205,281 173,328
Total assets 27,605,710 18,263,851 12,965,813 6,687,776 5,218,429
Customer deposits 25,715,953 16,599,371 11,197,622 5,945,947 4,440,650
Subordinated debt liability 15,770 15,421 15,113 14,823 14,593
Other liabilities 590,422 436,116 890,933 251,356 200,918
Total liabilities 26,322,145 17,050,908 12,103,668 6,212,126 4,656,161
Equity 1,283,565 1,212,943 862,145 475,650 562,268
Total liabilities and equity 27,605,710 18,263,851 12,965,813 6,687,776 5,218,429
2026 2025 2024 2023 2022
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Customer deposits have 
grown by 55% to £25.7bn
Over 3m customers hold savings deposits 
with Monzo. Deposit growth continued 
despite reductions in UK interest rates during 
the year.
These deposits give us low-cost funding, 
which we use to strengthen our cash and 
treasury positions, while also funding our 
higher margin lending products.
Activated personal banking customers 
increased 25%, while business banking 
customers increased 45%, reflecting 
continued growth across both segments, 
with higher engagement as deposits per MAU 
increased by 23% to £2,462.
Net lending increased 
by 44% to £2.3bn
The number of personal account customers 
borrowing from us grew by over 1m to over 
4m. We saw growth across all of our lending 
products: loans, overdrafts, and Monzo Flex.
Monzo Flex had a particularly strong year. 
We launched new products like Flex Build, 
in-store splitting, and Expanded Limits, 
contributing 0.5m additional Flex customers 
during the year. 
Gross lending increased by £0.8bn (42%) 
and credit losses only increased by £0.1bn 
(31%), growing at a lower rate than lending 
balances.
Our treasury portfolio 
grew by 76% to £9.5bn
Our treasury portfolio increased by 76% to 
£9.5bn as at 31 March 2026, ahead of 
deposit growth. It is invested in a diversified 
range of high-quality fixed-income assets, 
including UK government bonds (Gilts), 
supranationals and senior asset-backed 
securities. All holdings are rated Credit 
Quality Step 1 (CQS1), with the majority 
classified as High-Quality Liquid Assets 
(HQLA). The portfolio is managed to 
maintain a strong liquidity position while 
delivering an efficient return over the Bank 
of England base rate within a conservative 
risk appetite.
We manage interest rate risk through a 
structural hedging strategy designed to 
reduce volatility in Net Interest Income (NII) 
and protect interest-rate-sensitive deposits. 
At year-end, the hedge had a total notional 
value of £11.9bn, comprising treasury 
portfolio assets and a £10.8bn portfolio of 
interest rate swaps.
This combined approach helped stabilise Net 
Interest Margin (NIM) at 3.7% (FY2025: 4.1%, 
a 41 basis point reduction), mitigating the 
impact of the 75 basis point reduction in the 
Bank of England base rate. As instruments 
mature, proceeds are reinvested to maintain 
the desired interest rate risk profile in line 
with market conditions.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 29
\n[PAGE 30]\nCapital and liquidity 
management
With the growth in our balance sheet, our 
risk weighted assets (RWAs) increased from 
£2.1bn to £3.8bn. This increase was primarily 
driven by growth in lending to our customers, 
an increase in our operational risk RWAs, 
consistent with income growth, and 
operational exposures.This reduced our 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio to 33%, 
from 56% in FY2025. We remain well above 
both our internal targets and regulatory 
minimum requirements. We’re in a strong 
position.
We conduct stress testing across a range of 
macroeconomic scenarios to assess capital 
adequacy and business model resilience, 
ensuring we’re always able to take action 
to meet regulatory requirements.
Our Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was 
1,261% at year end, materially above both our 
internal and external minimum thresholds.
We continue to closely monitor proposed 
regulatory developments and assess their 
potential implications for capital, growth 
and resolution planning. 
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 30
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 30
\n[PAGE 31]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 31
Non-financial 
and 
sustainability 
information
31
32 Non-financial reporting statement
34 Our approach to people
40 Our community and social matters
44 Our approach to the environment
45 Climate-related Financial Disclosures (CFD)
52 Respect for human rights, anti-bribery 
 and anti-corruption
55 Section 172 at Monzo
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 32]\nNon-financial 
reporting statement
Monzo is a Public Interest Entity (PIE) and 
Large Business so we comply with the Non-
Financial Reporting requirements from 
sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies 
Act 2006. 
In this section we’ll set out our policies and 
achievements, and for any areas where we’re 
still developing policies or the due diligence 
on them, we’ll explain the progress we’re 
making.
Colleagues We truly care about our colleagues and their wellbeing. We’re transparent with them, 
building a strong, motivated and diverse team. We have a number of policies, training 
programmes and approaches to make sure everyone feels like they belong and has a voice.
Our approach to people, p34
People Policy.
Health and safety.
Conflicts of interest.
Recruitment and selection.
Remuneration Policy.
Community and social matters Focusing on community and society is what our mission to make money work for everyone 
is all about. Our policies and statements outline how we help our customers and have 
a positive social impact.
Our community and social matters, p40.
Vulnerable Customers Policy.
Financial Difficulty Policy.
Accessibility statement. Bereavement Policy.
Environment We’ve built a digital bank with lower greenhouse gas emissions than the high street banks. 
But, as one of the fastest growing banks in the UK, and with our expansion plans in the EU, 
we recognise that our carbon footprint will grow rapidly if we don’t make a conscious effort 
to reduce it. 
We’ve measured and reported on our carbon footprint and are developing a plan to shrink 
our emissions. 
Our approach to the environment, p44.
Environmental and Climate Risk Policy.
Reporting requirement Description References and sample policies
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 32
\n[PAGE 33]\nAnti-corruption and anti-bribery Preventing financial crime is a key responsibility and commitment for us as a bank. 
Our teams pay close attention to these key risks with the help of our policies on a daily basis.
Respect for human rights, anti-bribery and anti-
corruption, p52.
Outsourcing and Third Party. Risk Management 
Policy.
Procurement Policy.
Anti Bribery and Corruption Policy.
Market Abuse Policy.
Whistleblowing Policy.
Financial Crime Policy.
Gifts & Entertainment procedure.
Human rights Our commitment to human rights and the ethical treatment of our colleagues, third parties 
and customers is woven into our core values. You can find our latest Modern Slavery and 
Human Trafficking Statement on our website. We’re always developing our policies and 
processes to strengthen our approach to human rights.
Respect for human rights, anti-bribery and anti-
corruption, p52.
Description of our principal risks and impact of our business activity Our current risks, p63.
Description of our business model and strategy Business model and strategy, p12.
Reporting requirement Description References and sample policies
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 33
\n[PAGE 34]\nOur approach to people
A mission as big as ours calls for 
a talented team of people. As we 
continue to grow quickly, we’re 
doing even more to make working 
here a differentiated experience 
everywhere.
This was our biggest ever year for hiring. 
The number of people banking with us grew 
massively in FY2026, so the number of 
people on our team grew too. We’re now a 
team of more than 5,000 people with more 
than 74% of us working from home full time. 
Letting people work in ways that suit them 
means we can hire the best people for the 
role no matter where they live. 
Working from home doesn’t mean being cut 
off though. We create lots of opportunities to 
get together throughout the year, including 
our annual Monzo Mela (Sanskrit for 
‘gathering’ or ‘to meet’) which we host 
remotely and in person in London, Cardiff, 
Glasgow and Manchester. After the events, 
84% of people said they felt closer and more 
connected to their teams than they did 
before.
Growth this year wasn’t just about the size of 
our team. We also introduced workplaces in 
Dublin and Barcelona. Because of this, we’ve 
developed our onboarding programme to 
make it a genuinely global one, with bespoke 
sessions for senior leaders and executives.
Always asking how we 
can be better
We make a lot of claims about how special 
working at Monzo is, and we make sure we 
can back that up with data. We regularly ask 
employees for feedback on how we’re doing 
and use that feedback to produce an eNPS 
(employee Net Promoter Score – a measure 
of how likely our people are to recommend 
us as a place to work). This year we held an 
average eNPS of 51, a high score that keeps 
us in the top 10% of the tech industry. 
Our Hot Coral Council is an important 
introduction to our listening strategy that 
keeps us close to the things people care 
about. The Council gives everyone who 
works here a way to raise important issues 
with leadership through the elected team 
representatives.
Strengthening leadership 
and helping people get 
started
FY2026 was a year we welcomed more 
brilliant new leaders to Monzo. Our CEO, 
TS Anil, announced that he was standing 
aside for Diana Layfield to take up the role of 
Group CEO, while the Board introduced new 
members Delfin Rueda Arroyo, Jambu 
Palaniappan, Karen Peacock and 
Spencer Lake. We also brought executives 
Kate Ireland and Shelley Malton on to 
the team.
The Leadership Academy we set up in 2024 
continues to go from strength to strength. 
So far, over 50% of our managers have 
completed our Evolve training programme, 
with 98.4% of them saying it was impactful 
and already proving valuable to them in their 
leadership roles. We designed the sessions to 
be behavioural science led, practical and 
adaptable so that all our leaders could apply 
what they learned in ways that worked best 
for the teams they’re responsible for. Topics 
include emotional intelligence, coaching, 
conflict management and feedback; themes 
we chose based on feedback from leaders. 
Elevate, our tailored programme for our most 
senior leaders, has been completed by 198 
leaders since 2024. 
As well as investing in our leaders, this year 
we rolled out more of our own sponsorship 
programmes, internships, apprenticeships 
and placement schemes to support people 
starting out in their careers. We’re starting 
out by focusing on creating opportunities for 
underrepresented groups so that we’re 
opening up ways into tech and finance for 
people of all backgrounds, which is the right 
thing to do in general and will hugely benefit 
us on our mission to make money work for 
everyone.
Looking after people 
properly
As we’ve grown globally, we’ve made sure 
our benefits grow with us. For example, in 
Ireland we’ve introduced key benefits like 
pensions, private healthcare and life 
insurance. In the UK, we’ve strengthened our 
commitment to inclusive care by improving 
gender dysphoria cover through our 
healthcare plan. We’ve prioritised education 
and awareness across mental, physical and 
financial wellbeing, hosting key awareness 
events and mental wellbeing workshops for 
all Monzonauts. 
We recognise how important it is to look after 
the people who look after our customers. 
Which is why we’ve hired our first Colleague 
Care Advocate for team members who are in 
direct contact with customers every day. The 
Colleague Care Advocate is there to provide 
immediate and ongoing support to anyone in 
a customer support team who’s had difficult 
or emotionally triggering interactions with 
vulnerable customers.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 34
\n[PAGE 35]\nOur People policies
People Our People Policy helps us support a happy, high performing team 
who can have an impact for our customers. It’s also there to address 
people risk. That’s the risk of financial, operational or reputational loss 
due to our team as a whole, or individuals in it, not working as they 
should.
See individual Policy due diligence below.
Health & Safety This Policy sets out our high-level approach to Health and Safety to 
protect our colleagues, whether in our office or working from home, 
and any visitors to our sites.
We appoint and train first aiders and fire marshals. For all new joiners, we 
explain what people should do in the event of a fire as part of their 
mandatory training.
We appoint and train mental health first aiders to support all 
Monzonauts, and offer round the clock support through our Employee 
Assistance Programme. We make sure all Monzonauts have the right 
equipment to help them do their job and provide additional support to 
those with long term health conditions.
We review our risk assessments and policies annually to make sure 
we’re providing the safest environment for Monzonauts and visitors 
possible. We respond to feedback and incidents quickly and have 
multiple ways to give feedback so Monzonauts can report any issues or 
raise concerns.
Conflicts of Interest This Policy helps us avoid any conflicts of interest in the way we make 
decisions and go about our work.
The People team reviews our conflict of interest register regularly, and 
follows up on any potential conflicts with the person individually.
Our Second Line of Defence the Risk and Compliance team also review 
this. Every year we share a company-wide announcement reminding our 
colleagues to log any conflicts.
Policy Summary Due diligence 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 35
\n[PAGE 36]\nRecruitment and Selection We attract and hire the most talented people. We do this through a 
transparent, fair and non-discriminatory hiring process.
Finance and ExCo approve the final headcount plan.
We’ve launched interview and bias training and track interviewers to 
confirm they’ve completed training.
The People team determines pay ranges by level and function. The 
Reward team reviews and approves a limited number of offers outside of 
the salary and share options frameworks.
We review our new starters the week before they start to confirm that 
their pre-employment checks are complete and have an escalation 
process in place for failed checks.
Remuneration We’ve built this policy to help us attract, motivate and keep the people 
we need for each phase of our growth, while making sure we stay 
compliant with all regulatory requirements that apply to us. The Group 
RemCo recommends the Remuneration Policy to the MBHG and MBL 
Boards for approval at least once a year.
All Monzonauts can access the Remuneration Policy. It covers our main 
regulatory requirements including (but not limited to) how we pay 
Material Risk Takers (MRTs), our approach to personal investment 
strategies, our remuneration risk adjustment framework and our Malus 
and Clawback Policy. The Reward team reviews the relevant regulatory 
requirements and updates our practices to keep us compliant.
Policy Summary Due diligence 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 36
\n[PAGE 37]\nDiversity and inclusion
Diversity and inclusion is one of the most 
important signals to us that we’re making 
good on our mission of making money work 
for everyone. It’s who we are and what we 
stand for. By creating a workplace and a 
community where people feel like they 
belong we’re putting ourselves in the best 
position possible to do right by all customers. 
Our latest diversity and inclusion score puts 
us in the top 10% of technology companies 
worldwide. Women now make up 56% of our 
board, 40% of our leadership roles and over 
50% of the company, while people of colour 
make up 31% of our board and 19% of our 
leadership roles. You can find detailed 
information about our work over the last year 
in the latest Diversity and Inclusion Report on 
our website.
Between April 2024 and April 2025, our 
median gender pay gap did increase from 
6.3% to 8.7%. This was primarily because of 
more senior men in technical leadership roles, 
which is a priority for us to address. Our latest 
Gender Pay Gap Report sets out some of the 
concrete actions we’re taking. We’ve made 
progress in areas but we have more work to 
do and will continue to be open and honest 
about the progress we’re making.
We launched a diversity and inclusion training 
module for everyone joining Monzo that 
explains how we think about D&I and kicks 
off conversations about bias and allyship 
from day one.
Over 100 people joined our new career 
mentoring pilot for people from 
underrepresented communities. It’s a 
6-month programme where participants fine-
tune their personal development plans and 
learn about career building and skills from 
experienced Monzonauts.
We also made some great improvements to 
our identity verification process. We worked 
with people who face accessibility barriers to 
improve the feedback we give when they’re 
recording videos of themselves to confirm 
their identity. When we launched the more 
accessible experience, the number of errors 
triggered dropped by 73%. This shows that 
when we make our app more accessible, 
everyone gets a better experience.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 37

\n[PAGE 38]\nDiversity and inclusion highlights
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 38
* This is a sexual orientation data point, we collect trans identity and gender identity separately. 
‡ Refers to all women, i.e. all women who identify as women. 
† Refers to all people identifying as Black, Asian, Mixed of any other non-white ethnic group (People of Colour)
\n[PAGE 39]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 39
\n[PAGE 40]\nOur community 
and social matters
Designing products and services 
with different needs in mind is 
almost the most important part of 
our mission to make money work for 
everyone. Using straightforward 
language is just one example of us 
putting that into practice. Being 
totally transparent about the fees 
we charge (if we charge them at all) 
is another.
Everyone at Monzo is responsible for thinking 
about vulnerability in their day-to-day work 
no matter what their role is. Every team 
member has to complete vulnerability and 
accessibility training when they join and then 
complete refresher training every year to 
keep their skills and knowledge up to date.
It isn’t just our own customers that we care 
about either, we work closely with other 
banks through industry groups to help make 
vulnerable customer support consistent and 
of a high standard across the entire financial 
services industry. In December 2025, we 
joined the Financial Abuse Code and we’re 
also working with UK Finance and the 
Government’s Financial Inclusion Committee.
Our dedicated 
vulnerability team
Our Vulnerability, Accessibility, Inclusion, 
and Bereavements team (we call it VAIB for 
short) is made up of more than 100 trained 
experts, specially equipped to support 
vulnerable customers. We set up this team 
early on, way back in 2015, because it’s 
something that’s always mattered to us. 
Since then the team has grown and evolved 
to meet the ever-changing needs of a larger 
customer base that’s facing a wider range of 
difficulties and threats.
Our VAIB team also works with organisations 
like Surviving Economic Abuse and GamCare 
to make sure we’re giving the best, most 
tailored support possible to the people 
who need it.
Customers can get in touch with us through 
in-app chat, phone and text relay, with British 
Sign Language (BSL) options available too. 
We know that sharing information about 
vulnerability with banks is an uncomfortable 
thing to do so we make it as easy as possible. 
We’ve improved our Share with Us tool so it’s 
simpler for customers to tell us about 
themselves and what they’re going through 
without necessarily needing to go through a 
member of our customer support team.
We’ve invested in creating new training for 
our teams which really helps the learner get 
into our customers shoes, know how to 
respond with empathy and make sure we 
offer ways forward for customers that 
genuinely make things easier.
Protecting customers 
from gambling harm
Customers and charities have told us that 
people struggling with gambling addiction 
desperately need support. So, we’re 
continuing to work with both groups to find 
new ways for us, as a customer’s bank, to 
make meaningful changes in their lives. We’re 
also part of the Gambling Harms Action Lab 
where we work with other financial services 
companies to design and build tools for 
gambling harm prevention.
In 2025, our gambling block helped 135,032 
customers (a 13% increase from the year 
before) stop almost £13,826,803 in gambling 
payments – a 36.4% increase from 2024. 
Features like personalised cooldown periods 
and note-to-self reminders have helped over 
70,000 customers take back some control 
and the average cooldown period has 
increased from 3 months to 10, thanks to 
features that encourage people to reflect 
before gambling again.
Helping customers build 
financial resilience
We think we have an important, helpful role 
to play in giving our customers the tools they 
need to strengthen their financial resilience. 
So, this year we expanded the options 
available for people facing financial 
challenges.
Customers can still contact our team when 
they need to talk but we know some people 
are reluctant to share their stories in a 
conversation. For example, customers can 
complete in-app repayment processes on 
their own if they prefer. And they can easily 
switch between using the app alone or 
getting support from our team if they want to. 
Here are a few other ways we’re helping 
customers to help themselves.
Spending block
The spending block lets you stop payments 
to specific shops, brands or websites 
because of impulsive spending habits or for 
any other reason. In 2025 alone, we helped 
almost 18,929 customers (a 137% increase 
from the year before) block over £5,116,771 
worth of spending, a 104% increase from the 
year before.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 40
\n[PAGE 41]\nWhen you turn the block on, you can add a 
reminder message to yourself that will make 
you stop and think twice before you go to 
turn it off again in the future. Research shows 
this kind of friction helps people make better 
financial decisions in the long run.
Saving Challenge
More than 1m people took part in our 2025 
Saving Challenge to make saving a daily 
habit, all year long. It encourages you to save 
small amounts regularly, creating a habit of 
setting money aside every day. We combine 
automated savings nudges with educational 
content to help you build a savings mindset 
and prepare for unexpected expenses.
Book of Money
In FY2026 we published The Book of Money, 
our Sunday Times Bestseller guide to 
financial empowerment. It breaks down 
complex banking concepts into plain English, 
helping you take control of your spending 
and saving. We’re donating our portion of the 
profits to Money Ready, a charity that helps 
people feel confident with money.
Tools to help you stay in control
We make sure you can clearly see spending 
and saving trends in your account, and set 
budgets too. You can reduce your overdraft 
limit in the app yourself or turn it off 
completely, and you can easily opt out of 
credit marketing if you want to.
As we’ve always done, we’ll keep making the 
most of new technologies and technological 
opportunities to create tools that really, truly 
help you control your money and build long-
term financial resilience.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 41

\n[PAGE 42]\nSocial policies and statements
Vulnerable Customers This policy aligns with the FCA’s Consumer Duty and Guidance for 
firms on the fair treatment of vulnerable customers and covers our 
approach to understanding the needs of our customers, how we 
support our colleagues, our approach to product and service design, 
communications and how we monitor and evaluate outcomes for our 
customers. This helps us identify and support customers who are 
more likely to have difficulties managing their money or interacting 
with us, so we can deliver good outcomes.
How we apply the policy on vulnerable customers continues to be a 
focus area for us, so that all of our customers get the best outcomes. 
We’ll be particularly focused on making improvements to:
• identifying drivers of vulnerability early in customer journeys
• training and guidance to empower our colleagues to handle complex 
situations and provide specialist support for those who need it 
• monitoring to identify whether our support is effectively reducing the 
risk of harm.
Financial Health This policy covers how we support customers that owe us money in a 
way that’s fair, transparent and focused on delivering good customer 
outcomes. 
We regularly review these areas.
• Customer support interactions, to make sure we’ve complied with all 
relevant regulations and guidance, and resolved customers’ issues.
• Our processes and guidance, to make sure they’re still fit for purpose 
and delivering good customer outcomes.
• Our forbearance toolkit to make sure we’re meeting the needs of our 
customers. 
• Development of our self-serve options for customers who don’t wish 
to speak to us. 
• Our ‘money worries’ web page, which has information on how we can 
support or signposting to organisations that can support.
Policy Summary Due diligence 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 42
\n[PAGE 43]\nAccessibility Statement This statement sets out our opportunities to improve accessibility and 
applies to both physical and mental health. We’re committed to 
considering accessibility, inclusive design and usability, making our 
products and services as inclusive and accessible to everyone 
whatever their ability.
We regularly review these areas.
• Customer support interactions to make sure we’re providing a 
tailored and flexible service to customers with disabilities.
• Our processes and guidance, to make sure they’re still fit for purpose 
and delivering good customer outcomes.
• Internal and external trends to spot foreseeable harm, and to 
understand where we can make improvements to our product and 
service design and delivery.
Bereavements This policy covers how we manage customer accounts after we’ve 
been told about their death across all of our products and services. 
Our policy is applied consistently to support our bereaved customers 
at such a difficult time. We take a continuous improvement approach 
and will continue to support these things. 
• The notification process, making sure it’s as simple and 
compassionate as possible for executors and next of kin.
• Specialist training so that our teams can offer the right level of 
emotional support and technical guidance through legal 
requirements.
• Our bereavement communications to make sure that all letters and 
messages are clear, empathetic, and free of jargon.
Policy Summary Due diligence 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 43
\n[PAGE 44]\nOur approach to the environment
This section sets out how we 
govern, identify, manage and 
monitor climate-related risks 
and opportunities, in line with the 
UK Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (CFD) requirements. 
It builds on our previous disclosures 
and reflects how our approach 
continues to develop as we grow 
and reporting expectations evolve. 
As a digital-only bank, our environmental 
footprint and climate-related risks look 
different to more traditional financial 
institutions. We don’t have a physical branch 
network so our most material environmental 
impacts and climate-related risks come from 
our supply chain, alongside the need to 
manage climate-related transition risks 
as the economy moves towards a lower-
carbon future.
During the year, we focused on 
strengthening the foundations of our 
environmental reporting and climate risk 
management. This included refreshing our 
decarbonisation strategy to reflect the 
growth and international expansion of the 
business, and clarifying how we prioritise 
emissions reductions ahead of the use of 
carbon removals.
We also put in place a foundational supplier 
engagement strategy, recognising that most 
of our operational emissions sit within our 
supply chain. This work focuses on how we 
can set clear and consistent expectations for 
suppliers, improving the availability and 
quality of emissions data, and identifying 
opportunities to work together to reduce 
emissions over time.
As well as this, we did more work to develop 
a foundational high-quality carbon removal 
strategy. This included developing quality 
criteria to guide future decision making on 
the optimum carbon removal portfolio.
To support these strategic developments, we 
strengthened our emissions data and control 
environment. This included improving data on 
our facilities to clearly define operational 
boundaries across geographies, and 
documenting a comprehensive emissions 
calculation methodology to support 
consistency, transparency and year-on-year 
comparability as our reporting continues 
to mature.
Below, we lay out how we approach the CFD 
pillars of Climate Governance, Strategy, Risk 
Management, and Metrics and Targets. 
Together, these disclosures explain how we 
consider climate-related risks and 
opportunities, how we assess the resilience 
of our business model, and how we track 
progress against our environmental 
commitments. In line with regulatory 
expectations, we’ve presented this 
information along with our Streamlined Energy 
and Carbon Reporting (SECR) disclosures.
Highlights during the year included 
completing a formal climate risk and 
opportunity assessment, strengthening 
emissions inventory governance through our 
Inventory Management Plan, and 
improvements to Scope 3 data quality, 
including the use of primary data for 
colleague commuting.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 44
\n[PAGE 45]\nClimate-related Financial Disclosures
Governance
Our governance arrangements for assessing 
and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities include:
• The Boards are responsible for overseeing 
climate-related risks and opportunities, 
alongside our wider sustainability 
commitments. They receive updates at 
least every 6 months on progress against 
our environmental goals and the delivery 
of our decarbonisation strategy.
• The Group Board Risk Committee oversees 
climate-related risks and is responsible for 
making sure these risks are appropriately 
identified, assessed and embedded within 
our enterprise risk management framework.
We know that getting this right starts at the 
top. Climate risk is owned by the MBL Chief 
Financial Officer, reflecting the close 
alignment between climate-related 
considerations and financial risk. The Board 
Sustainability Committee, established before 
31 March 2026, supports oversight of our 
environmental commitments across the 
Group and its subsidiaries. The Committee is 
scheduled to hold its inaugural meeting in 
May 2026, with progress to be reported in 
next year’s annual report and accounts. 
During the reporting period, prior to the 
establishment of the Board Sustainability 
Committee, climate-related matters were 
governed by a pan-enterprise Sustainability 
Working Group through the Group Executive 
Committee, with updates provided to the 
Board on a six-monthly basis. Updates 
included climate-related progress and 
forward plans, including review and 
challenge of the Group’s climate strategy, 
key risks and opportunities.
Independent assurance and data 
quality governance
To strengthen the reliability of our public 
disclosures, our FY2026 operational 
emissions data and selected KPIs have been 
subject to limited assurance by an 
independent third party.6
We’ve adopted a formal Inventory 
Management Plan (IMP) that sets our 
organisational and operational boundaries, 
data sources, estimation approaches and 
internal quality controls.This is helping to 
improve our data quality and governance. 
We will review and update this document at 
the end of each reporting period.
Strategy
Our strategy focuses on reducing our 
operational emissions while improving the 
accuracy of our carbon reporting. We work 
closely with landlords to drive energy 
efficiency and are engaging our top emitting 
suppliers on their plans and data. We plan to  
scale our supplier engagement and transition 
to more activity-based reporting.
Climate-related risks 
and opportunities
We define climate change risk as the risk 
of unexpected exposures caused by 
deteriorating climate conditions or by the 
transition to a lower-carbon economy, 
resulting in an unplanned financial outcome. 
To make this practical, we assess climate-
related risks and opportunities across three 
time horizons. Short term means within 1 year, 
medium term within 3 years, and long term 
beyond that. These horizons align with our 
strategic and financial planning processes 
and help us understand when different risks 
and opportunities may come up.
In November 2025, the Sustainability 
Working Group carried out a formal climate 
risk and opportunity assessment, informed 
by external expertise. The assessment 
considered our business model, operating 
environment and supply chain, and focused 
on identifying climate-related risks and 
opportunities that could affect the Group. 
Based on our business model and current 
activities, we’ve identified 2 principal types 
of climate-related risk: physical risks and 
transition risks.
Physical climate risks
Physical risks come from the direct impacts of 
climate change itself. Given our digital-only 
operating model, lack of physical branches 
and absence of long-term mortgage lending, 
we currently assess physical risks as low. We 
mitigate potential impacts, like disruption to 
critical infrastructure or third-party service 
providers, through our existing IT resilience, 
business continuity and supplier risk 
management arrangements.
While we don’t currently consider physical 
risks material to our financial position, we 
continue to monitor potential impacts as 
climate conditions evolve and as our business 
grows and changes.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 45
6 Monzo appointed Ernst & Young to provide independent assurance over certain sustainability metrics. These sustainability metrics are marked as 
The assurance engagement was planned and performed in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance 
Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information as promulgated by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).

\n[PAGE 46]\nTransition climate risks
Transition risks are the financial risks that 
come from the shift to a lower-carbon 
economy. These include higher costs 
across our supply chain, evolving 
regulatory requirements, and changing 
market expectations. While physical risks 
matter, transition risks are the main focus of 
our climate risk management activities right 
now, reflecting their potential impact on 
operating costs, regulatory compliance, 
supplier relationships and our reputation.
The climate risk assessment identified 3 
transition-related risks and 1 physical risk 
that, after taking existing mitigating actions 
into account, we assessed as having a 
medium residual risk in line with these risk 
materiality thresholds.
• Penalties or legal action coming from 
non-compliance with sustainability-
related legislation and disclosure 
requirements.
• Reputational damage or loss of 
customers caused by perceived inaction 
on climate-related issues and/or 
greenwashing.
• Increased costs associated with 
delivering our net zero strategy.
• Indirect supply chain disruption triggered 
by extreme weather events.
Risk category and summary
Residual 
likelihood
Residual 
impact
Residual 
risk rating Mitigating actions
Strategic Risk (regulatory)
Penalties and/or legal action for non-compliance with 
required sustainability legislation and disclosures. 
This is compounded by lack of regulatory clarity, 
changing requirements and additional requirements 
as we expand into new geographies.
Timeframe: within 3 years
Unlikely Major Medium • Regulatory update monitoring & building internal 
expertise & capacity.
• Due diligence when expanding into a new 
territory.
• Engaging with public policy to help shape and 
inform the way that future climate related 
regulations impact us.
Strategic Risk (reputational)
Reputational damage and loss of customers due to 
perceived inaction on climate-related issues and/
or ’greenwashing’. This is compounded by 
changing perceptions of ‘green initiatives’ and 
controversy over low quality carbon offsets.
Timeframe: within 3 years
Unlikely Major Medium • Making ESG disclosures transparent.
• Being sure of the quality of green investments 
including carbon removals.
• Improving internal operations (technology, 
energy and waste efficiency) to reduce costs and 
footprint.
• Making sure that all our locations use renewable 
electricity, reducing market-based emissions.
Financial Risk
Increased cost to deliver net zero strategy due to 
increasing demand for high quality carbon credits 
driving up the price and increasing complexity of 
requirements necessitates additional resources 
(for example, third party assurance costs).
Timeframe: within 3 years
Likely Moderate Medium • Maximising cost-effective decarbonisation 
levers.
• Improving internal operations (technology, 
energy and waste efficiency) to reduce costs and 
footprint; prioritising long-lasting products.
• Prioritising emissions reduction to minimise 
requirement for offsetting.
Operational Risk
Supply chain disruption due to extreme weather 
events impacting availability of resources/
products and transportation and distribution 
disruption/delays. 
Timeframe: within 3 years
Likely Moderate Medium • Diversity in the supply chain; no reliance on at-
risk commodities.
• Sustainable supplier standards reduce the 
possibility of supply chain disruption from 
climate events. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 46
\n[PAGE 47]\nClimate-related opportunities
Our climate risk assessment also identified 
key opportunities: delivering on 
decarbonisation targets is expected to drive 
cost efficiencies, while strong performance in 
these areas may attract sustainability-
focused investors, deepen customer trust, 
and enhance talent attraction and retention.
Resilience and scenario analysis
We assess the resilience of our strategy to 
climate-related risks through climate 
scenario analysis carried out as part of our 
annual ICAAP. This analysis uses the Bank of 
England’s Biennial Exploratory Scenario, 
including Early Action, Late Action and No 
Additional Action pathways which estimate 
temperature increases by 2050 and beyond.
Under the Early Action scenario, a 1.5°C 
increase results in a faster transition to a 
lower-carbon economy, primarily affecting 
us through changes in regulation and supplier 
costs, with limited direct impact on our core 
products. In a Late Action scenario, 
temperatures increase by almost 2°C, 
resulting in more abrupt policy changes that 
could increase transition costs across our 
supply chain, although our digital-only 
business model reduces exposure to physical 
assets. Under a No Additional Action 
scenario, temperatures rise over 3°C, seeing 
increased physical climate risks that may 
affect parts of our supplier base over time, 
but our current activities remain relatively 
insulated from direct physical impacts.
We consider the outputs of the climate risk 
assessment and scenario analysis together 
to build our understanding of strategic 
resilience. Given our current business model 
and data availability, this approach is 
proportionate.
Our assessment is underpinned by the 
assumption that climate risks primarily 
transmit to our business through 
macroeconomic channels (e.g., impact on 
GDP) rather than direct exposure to physical 
assets. With our most recent assessments 
continuing to show that our core activities, 
including current accounts, deposits and 
unsecured lending, are not currently exposed 
to material climate-related financial risk 
under the scenarios assessed.
We believe existing capital buffers, 
calculated against more severe demand 
shock scenarios, remain sufficient to mitigate 
the third-order macroeconomic impacts 
projected in these climate pathways.
As we continue to grow and climate-related 
data, methodologies and regulatory 
expectations evolve, we expect our approach 
to climate risk assessment and disclosure to 
develop over time.
Risk management
Risk assessment 
Climate risk is embedded within our Group 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework 
(ERMF) and classified as a Level 2 risk in the 
Strategic Risk taxonomy. This means it sits 
alongside our other significant strategic risks 
and gets the attention it deserves. We 
identify and assess climate-related risks 
through a combination of:
• annual climate risk assessments
• horizon scanning and emerging risk reviews
• risk and control self-assessments
• ICAAP stress testing and scenario analysis
The outcomes of these assessments inform 
our capital planning, risk appetite setting and 
how we prioritise decarbonisation actions, 
including consideration of potential future 
costs associated with carbon removals.
We manage climate-related risks through the 
Group Environmental and Climate Risk Policy, 
which sets minimum standards for managing 
environmental impacts and meeting 
regulatory disclosure requirements. 
Transition risks are primarily mitigated 
through our decarbonisation strategy and 
engagement with suppliers.
Metrics and targets
We have set near-term, science-based 
emissions reduction targets for 2030 aligned 
with a 1.5°C pathway. Our decarbonisation 
strategy prioritises reducing emissions across 
our operations and value chain as the primary 
means of managing climate-related risks.
By 2030, we aim to reduce Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 42% (on a location basis) 
compared with our FY2024 baseline, and 
Scope 3 emissions intensity by 52% against 
the same baseline. We will account for all 
residual emissions through investments in 
high quality carbon removal projects. 
We chose FY2024 as the baseline year based 
on data availability and reporting consistency 
across Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 
emissions, following a normalised 12-month 
reporting period. We’ll review the baseline 
where there are significant changes to 
organisational boundaries, methodologies or 
business activities, in line with our 
documented approach to emissions 
reporting. A re-calculation of the baseline 
would be considered where structural or 
methodological changes are expected to 
result in a material impact on reported 
emissions.
We monitor progress against our targets 
using emissions data from our inventory 
process and review through our 
environmental governance arrangements. 
As data quality improves and methodologies 
evolve, we expect our quantitative 
disclosures to continue to develop.
In line with UK regulatory requirements, 
we also report energy use and associated 
emissions under the Streamlined Energy and 
Carbon Reporting (SECR) framework. We use 
quantitative metrics to track progress against 
our environmental commitments and to 
support the management of climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 47
\n[PAGE 48]\nEmissions inventory 
and methodology
We calculate our greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions in line with the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, covering Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
relevant Scope 3 categories. We calculate 
our footprint using an operational control 
approach. This means we include emissions 
from all facilities and activities where we have 
operational control. 
For each emissions scope and category, we 
apply the most accurate calculation method 
available based on data quality and 
availability. Where direct activity data exists, 
we use primary activity-based methods and 
product-level data.
When this data isn’t available, we apply 
spend-based methodologies, estimates and 
external benchmarks. We document any of 
these treatments within our Inventory 
Management Plan (IMP). 
We support this work by a documented 
emissions calculation methodology and a 
clear definition of operational boundaries 
across our facilities as the Group expands 
internationally. Together, these documents 
form our Basis of Reporting for greenhouse 
gas emissions, setting out the 
methodologies, assumptions, boundaries, 
exclusions and governance we applied in 
preparing our emissions inventory.
Using a globally recognised methodology 
allows us to compare our emissions with 
other organisations and have our data 
independently verified. This approach helps 
make sure we prepare emissions data 
consistently year-on-year, with any changes 
in methodology, assumptions or data quality 
clearly identified and explained. We review 
the IMP at least once a year to reflect 
developments in data availability, 
methodologies and reporting expectations.
As part of our work to improve data quality, 
we carried out an employee commuting 
survey during the year to better measure 
Scope 3 emissions linked to colleague travel.
The survey replaced assumptions on 
commuting patterns and transport modes, 
and we incorporated it into our greenhouse 
gas emissions inventory in line with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. This has improved 
the accuracy of our employee commuting 
emissions compared to previous years and 
gives us the opportunity to develop targeted 
carbon reduction initiatives that directly 
address our most significant commuting 
impact areas.
Investments
Under greenhouse gas accounting standards, 
Scope 3, Category 15 relates to emissions 
associated with investments. For us, this 
mainly reflects Treasury and SME lending 
activities, as we do not undertake project 
finance or mortgage lending. 
For many financial institutions, financed 
emissions represent the largest part of their 
footprint. We consider this category relevant 
and are taking steps to develop a 
proportionate approach to disclosure in line 
with evolving industry standards.
Emissions performance 
during the year
Our total gross emissions for FY2026 were 
30,129 tCO2e, an increase of 6,570 tCO2e. 
This represents a 28% increase in our total 
footprint, which is a result of rapid business 
growth and expansion into new markets, 
alongside a focused effort to improve our 
data quality and energy efficiency.
We’re proud of our progress in Scope 1 and 2, 
where absolute emissions fell by 34% year-
on-year. This performance could indicate 
that we’ve reached the reduction levels 
needed for our Scope 1 and 2 2030 ambition 
well ahead of schedule; but, we expect these 
scopes to increase again in FY2027 as we 
open our new Dublin office. The gains we 
achieved this year were driven by 
investments in energy-efficient heating 
systems and the introduction of electricity 
sub-meters to capture more accurate data. 
We remain committed to maintaining this 
efficiency as we scale.
As a growing business it’s important to track 
our footprint by its intensity, which measures 
our emissions in relation to the size of our 
business. Our Scope 3 reduction target is 
based on customer intensity, which is tCO2e 
per million customers. This year our Scope 3 
intensity increased by 3% year-on-year. This 
figure remained relatively stable as a result of 
improvements we made in data accuracy, 
which helped balance the emissions 
associated with our growth. We’ve also 
transitioned to actual supplier data in several 
key areas, such as receiving direct reporting 
from partners like Google Cloud, and 
conducted our first employee commuting 
survey to move away from data estimates.
While these data improvements are a major 
step forward, they were offset by a 
significant increase in business travel and 
higher spend in areas like marketing and 
professional services. This means we’re 
currently 15% above the linear reduction 
pathway required to meet our Scope 3 2030  
goal. We continue to focus our 
decarbonisation efforts on reducing our 
Scope 3 emissions, particularly within 
purchased goods and services. 
To account for the impact of our business 
travel and payment processing, we 
purchased 3,558 tCO2e in carbon removals 
for FY2026. We also evolved our strategy 
from purely nature-based removals to a more 
balanced portfolio that now includes biochar 
and engineered removals. This means our net 
emissions for FY2026 were 26,571 tCO2e.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 48
\n[PAGE 49]\nOur GHG Inventory and 
SECR Report for FY2026
We calculated our emissions following the 
GHG Reporting Protocol, as outlined in the 
Emissions Inventory and Methodology 
section on page 48. We’ve also included our 
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting 
(SECR) reporting data. During the reporting 
year we have increased energy efficiency by;
• installing smarter thermostat systems in 
our London office
• transitioning to sub meters for our 
Cardiff office
• continuing to support hybrid working 
models
We recognise that climate-related metrics, 
particularly for supply-chain emissions, come 
with data and methodological challenges. 
Where data is incomplete or evolving, we 
prioritise transparency and focus on improving 
coverage and robustness over time.
Some disclosures, including Scope 3 
category 15 (investments), aren’t yet 
calculated or disclosed. This category is 
recognised as relevant, but isn't currently 
included due to the nature of our business 
model, data availability and the maturity of 
applicable methodologies. We’ll keep this 
under review as standards, data quality and 
industry practice develop.
GHG Scope Description FY2026 FY2025
FY2024 
(baseline year)
Scope 1 Direct emissions (tCO2e) 95
 157* 184
Scope 2 Purchased electricity, steam, heat and cooling (location based) (tCO2e) 124
 176* 209
Scope 2 Purchased electricity, steam, heat and cooling (market based) (tCO2e) 0
 0 0
Total Scope 1 & 2 219 333* 393
Scope 3.1 Purchased goods and services (tCO2e) 25,923
 20,381 17,573
Scope 3.2 Capital goods (tCO2e) 22
 67 212
Scope 3.3 Fuel and energy related activities (tCO2e) 58
 79* 95
Scope 3.5 Waste generated in operations (tCO2e) 0.06
 41 29
Scope 3.6 Business travel (tCO2e) 2,160
 1,256 679
Scope 3.7 Employee commuting (tCO2e) 1,698
 1,364 1,130
Scope 3.8 Upstream leased assets (tCO2e) 48
 37 35
Scope 3.15 Investments (tCO2e) Not yet calculated
Total Scope 3 29,910 23,225* 19,753
Total emissions Scope 1, Scope 2 (location-based) and Scope 3 categories 30,129 23,558* 20,146
Total intensity tCO2e per 1 million customers 1,982 1,931 2,056
Scope 3 intensity tCO2e per 1 million customers 1,968 1,904 2,016
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 49
FY2026 FY2025
UK and Offshore
Global (excluding UK 
and offshore) UK and Offshore
Global (excluding UK and 
offshore)
Energy consumption used to calculate emissions kWh 
 1,011,058 0 1506820* 0
Emissions from combustion of gas tCO2e (Scope 1, location-based) 
 56 0 119* 0
Emissions from combustion of fuel for transport purposes tCO2e(Scope 1, 
market-based) 
 0 0 0 0
Emissions from purchased electricity, heat, steam, and cooling tCO2e (Scope 
2, location-based) 
 124 0 176* 0
Emissions from business travel in rental cars or colleague-owned vehicles 
where we’re responsible for buying the fuel tCO2e (Scope 3.6, location-
based) 
 8 0.6 8 0.2
Total gross tCO2e based on above fields 188 1 303* 0.2
Limited Assurance over FY26 values
*Restated
\n[PAGE 50]\nNotes on methodology
• We use a third-party software system to 
capture and record our emissions and make 
sure we’re using the most up to date 
emission factors for our calculations. All 
figures are gross and do not include netted 
figures from carbon credits.
• Scope 1: Scope 1 emissions include direct 
GHG emissions from natural gas and HFC 
refrigerants. EPA 2025 emissions factor are 
used per fuel type and IPCC GWP factors 
are used for refrigerant emissions.
• FY2025: This figure has been restated 
from 194 tCO2e following the 
retrospective collection of consumption 
data for the London office. This enabled a 
transition in methodology from estimated 
inputs to activity-based data. Minor 
adjustments were also made to reflect 
improved accuracy in reported building 
floor area. 
• Scope 2 (location-based): Scope 2 
emissions include indirect GHG emissions 
from purchased electricity, cooling and 
steam. DEFRA UK emissions factors are 
applied.
• FY2025: This figure has been restated 
from 207 tCO2e due to a revision in 
calculation methodology. The updated 
boundary includes only electricity 
consumption attributable to Monzo-
occupied areas within office spaces, 
excluding shared or common areas of 
the buildings.
• Scope 2 (market-based): For Scope 2 
market-based emissions we have used a 
zero emission factor where we have green 
tariffs or renewable energy certificates.
• Total scope 1 & 2: We have adopted the 
operational control approach to define our 
organisational boundary for our Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions. Energy data was 
collected from our facilities and where 
primary activity data is not available, 
consumption is estimated based on floor 
area per building and fuel type.
• Scope 3: Where possible, we have 
prioritised activity-based or supplier-
specific emission factors. Where this is not 
possible, and unless stated otherwise, we 
have applied a spend-based approach 
using EPA Supply Chain Factors. 
• Scope 3.3: Input data for this category is 
the same as the input data for the Scope 1 
and 2 calculations. Emission factors are 
taken from IEA and DEFRA to calculate the 
WTT. FY25 figure has been restated from 
94 tCO2e following the Scope 1 and 2 
restatement.
• Scope 3.5: We have moved to actual data 
for waste calculation this year resulting in a 
significant reduction in emissions
• Scope 3.7: Commuting calculations are 
based on data collected from our FY2026 
commuting survey.
• Scope 3.15: Scope 3, Category 15 
(investments) is recognised as relevant for 
Monzo but is not yet calculated.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 50

\n[PAGE 51]\nDecarbonisation highlights
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 51
\n[PAGE 52]\nRespect for human rights, 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption
All forms of financial crime impact 
the lives of people every day 
worldwide, and we take tackling 
it seriously.
We have a moral and social responsibility to 
prevent bribery, corruption and human rights 
abuses from ever happening and to spot 
them when they do. This includes senior 
management setting a zero-tolerance 
approach to bribery, corruption and human 
rights violations.
We’re committed to preventing financial 
crime and have clear lines of internal 
accountability, responsibility and reporting 
in place. This year, we’ve spent time further 
enhancing our policies and embedding them 
into our ways of working.
What we’ve been doing to 
reduce the risk of bribery 
and corruption
We reviewed our Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
Policy on an annual basis to make sure we’re 
taking the right steps to protect our 
customers, colleagues and society in general. 
To make sure that we’re tackling bribery and 
corruption risks across the board, we support 
our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 
with the following policies. 
• Conflicts of Interest Policy 
• Whistleblowing Policy 
• Group Outsourcing and 
Third Party Risk Management Policy
• Procurement Policy
• Market Abuse Policy 
• Financial Crime Policy 
• Fraud Policy 
• Gifts & Entertainment Process
It’s important to us that we treat all 
customers fairly by taking a proportionate 
approach to risk management.
This year we reviewed our gifts and 
entertainment limits to make sure they’re still 
appropriate for the risks we face. We also 
expanded the scope of our gifts and 
entertainment procedures to include all the 
non-UK jurisdictions we operate in. During 
the year, we continued to strengthen our 
supplier due diligence processes and 
systems, making sure they’re robust and 
sustainable in supporting our expansion into 
new markets.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 52

\n[PAGE 53]\nWe completed a bribery 
and corruption risk 
assessment
We complete this assessment annually and 
this year we found that our inherent bribery 
risk is still low.
We’ve started expanding the business in the 
EU, and we’ve outsourced operations work to 
India alongside our existing outsourcing 
arrangements with Romania, South Africa and 
Portugal. These changes marginally 
increased our bribery and corruption risk but 
not enough to move our inherent risk position 
from low. 
Our controls are effective, meaning we have 
a very low residual risk rating.
Everyone’s aware of the 
risks and what they need 
to do
Everyone at Monzo completes onboarding 
and annual training on anti-bribery and 
corruption as part of the gifts and 
entertainment module. We review the training 
material regularly to make sure it’s still 
relevant and fit for purpose. During the 
course of the year, everyone at Monzo, 
including our Board members, completed 
training appropriate to their role.
To keep bribery and corruption front-of-
mind, we send regular company-wide 
communications to remind our team about 
their responsibilities when giving or being 
offered a gift or entertainment.
Third-party risk 
management
We work with a variety of third parties, mostly 
technology companies and service providers, 
like payment processors and debit card 
manufacturers, as well as professional 
services like marketing and legal. Third 
parties play active roles in our successes, 
so we see them as part of our ‘extended 
enterprise.’ We shouldn’t work with people 
who limit or take away our control, hurt our 
customers, or risk damaging our reputation. 
Working with other companies should never 
mean compromising on our values or the 
service we provide.
Any third parties we work with must comply 
with all applicable laws, regulations and 
standards, and confirm that they (or any 
‘associated party’) haven’t been involved in 
human trafficking or slavery activity as 
defined by the Modern Slavery Act 2015. 
Before entering into a contract with a new 
supplier, we ask them to attest to the 
standards in our Third Party Code of 
Conduct, which we launched in March 2022. 
Where we contract with third parties on our 
standard contract terms, we include modern 
slavery provisions. Where this isn’t possible 
we take a risk-based approach on whether to 
add a modern slavery provision. 
Transparency is one of our company values, 
and we encourage colleagues to speak up 
with confidence, either to their managers or 
our whistleblowing champion, if they have 
any concerns. We review our Whistleblowing 
Policy annually to check it’s up to date and 
that it’s clear how our team can speak up if 
they need to.
Our ability to operate the bank effectively is 
underpinned by a number of trusted third 
party suppliers, which we see as a crucial 
extension of our business. As we grow, we 
work with third parties both in the UK and 
internationally to support the delivery of 
good customer outcomes, which is one of 
our strategic objectives. 
We work with suppliers to support us with 
services ranging from strategic partnerships 
to technology platforms and internal 
communications tools. These relationships 
allow us to provide high quality services to 
customers and to safely scale our business in 
a controlled way.
The Board, acting on the recommendation of 
the Group Board Risk Committee, approves 
the Outsourcing and Third Party Risk 
Management Policy on an annual basis. The 
policy defines our approach to the selection, 
assessment and ongoing management of our 
relationship with third parties across the full 
lifecycle of each relationship. The policy 
explains what we expect from our suppliers 
when they work with us, including carrying 
out proper checks before they start. It also 
asks them to follow clear processes, like 
handling incidents well, putting the right 
protections in contracts (such as access and 
audit rights), and keeping an eye on risks and 
how resilient their operations are. These 
measures are designed to make sure that our 
third party arrangements stay effective, 
resilient, scalable and compliant with 
regulatory expectations.
Human rights
You can find our most recent Modern Slavery 
and Human Trafficking statement on our 
website. We never stop developing our 
policies and processes to strengthen our 
approach to human rights, whether in the 
workplace, in our customer communities or 
with our third parties.
We’ve built on our financial crime risk 
assessment and transaction monitoring 
controls this year to help spot customers who 
are falling victim to human rights abuses like 
sexual exploitation, human trafficking and 
modern slavery. This proactive approach 
means we can identify vulnerable customers 
and work with law enforcement to protect 
them and bring perpetrators to justice.
Human rights and 
our customers
Our financial intelligence unit has 
partnerships with various law enforcement 
agencies to do the following things.
• Share intelligence that could be linked with 
modern slavery and organised crime with 
law enforcement.
• Investigate law enforcement intelligence 
that can lead to arrests and freezing 
criminal assets.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 53
54Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 54]\n• Contribute to law enforcement efforts to 
increase awareness of sexual exploitation 
indicators, labour exploitation and the risk 
of modern slavery.
• Spot new trends in how organised crime 
gangs exploit victims linked to adult 
services and labour exploitation.
Most of the unit’s work this year has been 
focused on identifying crimes linked to 
modern slavery, human trafficking, organised 
immigration crime (OIC), and the exploitation 
of minors. We’ve created robust controls to 
monitor and detect the distribution of Child 
Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) and expanded 
our capabilities to combat the rise in 
financially motivated sexual extortion 
targeting children.
We also refreshed our sexual exploitation 
framework in FY2026. By working with law 
enforcement specialists, we now understand 
evolving criminal behaviours better, helping 
make sure that our internal systems and 
investigator protocols stay up to date.
The feedback we get from law enforcement 
agencies continues to be overwhelmingly 
positive, highlighting our team’s dedication 
and the high quality of the intelligence we’ve 
handed over to them.
What we’ll do next
We’ll continue to risk assess, review and 
develop our anti-bribery and corruption 
control framework as normal but there are 
some specific actions we plan to take too. 
For example, we’ll review the screening 
requirements in our Third-Party Due-
Diligence Policy against our supplier 
screening configuration to be sure that 
we’re correctly identifying and monitoring 
reputational risks. 
We’re also working on cross-control 
collaboration to increase our understanding 
and awareness of bribery and corruption in 
other business areas to help us detect and 
escalate instances of bribery and corruption 
more effectively. 
And lastly, we’re building out new 
management information dashboards 
to give us better visibility across our 
control environment.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 54
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 54
\n[PAGE 55]\nSection 172
Doing what’s right for 
us and our stakeholders
The Boards recognise that engaging with 
stakeholders and understanding the 
consequences of any decision in the long 
term is vital to our sustainable success. 
We consider the different interests of 
stakeholders in the business decisions we 
make across the company at all levels and 
the Board reinforces this. It isn’t always 
possible to have positive outcomes for all 
stakeholders though. Sometimes the Board 
has to make decisions based on balancing 
competing stakeholder priorities, while 
making sure it’s in the company’s best 
interests. Through engagement with our 
key stakeholders, the Board understands 
these competing priorities.
The factors that Directors must consider 
when making decisions include: the likely 
consequences of a decision in the long-term, 
the interests of our employees, the need to 
foster our business relationships with 
suppliers, customers and others, the impact 
of our operations on the community and the 
environment, the desirability of us 
maintaining a reputation for high business 
conduct, and the need to act fairly as 
between members of the company. 
While not every factor may be relevant to 
each decision the Board makes, considering 
our stakeholders is a fundamental aspect of 
the Board’s decision-making process. 
The Board recognises the potential impacts 
of its decisions on its relationships with 
stakeholders in delivering our strategies. 
In making its decisions, the Board discusses 
relevant information and makes enquiries of 
the management team and control functions, 
including in relation to those factors set out 
in s. 172 of the Companies Act 2006. In this 
financial year, the Board made decisions 
in respect of a wide variety of topics and 
the following are examples of how the 
Board considers the s.172 factors in its 
decision making.
Customers
Since the publication of the Consumer Duty 
regulation in 2022, the Board along with the 
Consumer Duty Champion, has been receiving 
metrics throughout the year. The Board 
consistently incorporates Consumer Duty 
into its discussions and challenges 
management on their focus on customer 
outcomes. The Board approved the Annual 
Consumer Duty report, making sure that we 
comply with our obligations under the 
Consumer Duty. The focus on delivering 
good customer outcomes, particularly for 
vulnerable customers, demonstrates the 
Board’s commitment to fostering strong 
relationships with customers and maintaining 
a reputation for high standards of business 
conduct. In addition, adopting a formal 
Vulnerable Customer Strategy was a major 
area of focus and consideration for the 
Board throughout 2025. It was developed 
to address ongoing operational initiatives in 
how we support customers with vulnerable 
characteristics and making sure that the Board 
holds management accountable for delivering 
good customer outcomes and addressing any 
identified areas for improvement, reducing 
conduct risk and protecting our reputation. 
Our mission of making money work for 
everyone is central to us delivering positive 
outcomes for our customers. During the year, 
we’ve seen our customer base grow past 15 
million customers across personal and 
business banking, with continued growth 
supported by the launch of new and 
innovative products and initiatives. 
The Board has been central to delivering our 
mission, which included consideration of the 
rollout of Flex Purchase which offered longer 
0% purchase promotions to help customers 
affordably manage larger expenses. It also 
considered the introduction of a clearer ‘Chat 
to Us’ feature, acting directly on feedback 
provided by our customers that it was too 
difficult for them to get in touch with us. 
We introduced the ‘Chat to Us’ option on 
our Help Homepage in October 2025, which 
made human support significantly easier to 
access and contributed to an 8.6% increase 
in customer satisfaction scores.
The Board also considered the launch of the 
Saving Challenge designed to support our 
customers with their savings goals.
Environment 
and Community
The Board continued to focus on our 
environmental programme in the context 
of our international expansion plans. Our 
strategy is based on 3 core delivery pillars: 
Reporting and Disclosure, Decarbonisation 
and Sustainability Strategy. Our efforts have 
had a positive impact on our environment 
by driving down our scope 1 and 2 emissions 
this year. 
With the Board’s support, we’ve invested in 
better tools and our team to improve data 
quality and visibility. We’ve worked with key 
suppliers to improve their environmental 
performance and data and run our first 
Monzonaut Commuting Survey to better 
understand emissions from employee travel. 
We continue to run out offices on 100% 
renewable electricity to reduce operational 
emissions.
Suppliers
The Board considered and approved its 
Modern Slavery Act Statement. In considering 
the statement, the Board considered the 
importance of fostering business relationships 
with suppliers and the impact of the decision 
within the community, alongside the need to 
clearly show the steps taken to prevent 
slavery and human trafficking in both its 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 55
\n[PAGE 56]\nsupply chain and its own operations. The 
statement also served as a useful checkpoint 
on our progress in this area.
The Board recognises that suppliers and 
partners are critical to our operational 
resilience and long-term success. Through the 
Group Board Risk Committee (GBRC), the 
Board oversees the Group’s third-party risk 
management framework, making sure that 
we identify and manage risks aligned to MBL 
(including operational, concentration and 
ESG risks), and that our suppliers adhere to 
our own high standards of conduct. In 
addition, our Third Party Risk team does 
proportionate due diligence to check suppliers 
comply with our risk framework, covering 
financial stability, operational resilience, 
concentration risk and ESG considerations.
Regulators
We maintain mature and collaborative 
regulatory relationships, supported by a 
proactive approach to disclosure and risk 
management. We keep a frequent, transparent 
cadence with both the Prudential Regulation 
Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA), and this engagement is led 
from the top, with the Chair of the Board, the 
Chairs of the Audit, Remuneration, and Risk 
Committees, and members of the Executive 
Committee meeting with the PRA and 
FCA regularly. Similarly, the Board is kept 
updated of all regulatory interactions through 
comprehensive financial, risk, and strategic 
reporting.
Throughout FY2026, we demonstrated 
measurable progress across our core strategic 
priorities. Specifically, we provided our 
regulators and the Board with evidence of a 
matured Financial Crime control environment, 
the heightened effectiveness of our Fraud 
Prevention frameworks, and a sustained 
business performance. Collectively, these 
improvements reinforce the long-term 
commercial and operational sustainability 
of our business model as we continue to 
scale at pace.
Beyond our primary supervisors, we work 
closely with a broader range of financial and 
non-financial regulatory bodies, including the 
Bank of England, the Financial Ombudsman 
Service, the Payment Systems Regulator, 
the Competition and Markets Authority, 
the Information Commissioner’s Office, 
and the Financial Reporting Council. 
Since Monzo Bank Europe Designated 
Activity Company received its banking 
licence from the Central Bank of Ireland, the 
Board has carefully integrated the distinct 
regulatory requirements of the Irish and wider 
European markets into our oversight 
frameworks. The Board remains committed to 
fostering an open, constructive dialogue with 
all global regulators for full alignment on key 
strategic initiatives, including our continued 
international expansion.
Shareholders
We’ve established a Strategic Advisory 
Group (SAG) of MBHG in line with our 
Shareholders’ Agreement, which TS Anil 
chairs. It brings together Monzo executives 
and certain investors to discuss strategic and 
development plans. The SAG is designed to 
better understand shareholder views on our 
effectiveness as well as key areas of focus 
and emerging risk, from their perspective. 
This enhanced shareholder engagement 
collates their perspectives on certain material 
matters to be considered by the MBHG Board 
(where relevant). 
We engaged the SAG on key topics during 
the year, to gather shareholder perspectives 
on key topics, like our strategic expansion 
into the European Union, the acquisition of 
Habito and the increase in our employee 
options pool, which the Board then 
considered for approval. These initiatives 
intend to promote continued growth and 
generate incremental revenues to ultimately 
increase our valuation and boost shareholder 
return on investment. 
The Board also makes sure that the Group 
stays adequately capitalised to withstand 
stress and execute its strategy, receiving 
regular finance and risk reports from the 
Group CFO and the Chief Risk Officer 
respectively on treasury matters and the 
Group’s financial risk profile. The Board 
approved the 2025 ICAAP and ILAAP and in 
doing so, considered certain stress scenarios 
and key risks in making sure that we keep 
enough capital to protect investor and 
shareholder interests. 
Our People
Our people make Monzo special. They keep 
the business running and make our mission of 
making money work for everyone possible.
Our Group Remuneration Committee (Group 
RemCo) plays a vital role in supporting the 
Boards and management on people and 
reward strategy. You can read more about 
our people and related initiatives on page 34. 
Twice per year the Chief Risk Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer give a company 
performance assessment to Group RemCo to 
inform decisions about pay awards. Similarly, 
Material Risk Takers (MRT) performance is 
also assessed twice per year to meet our 
regulatory requirements. These assessments 
ensure prudent risk taking is aligned to our 
long-term interests.
Our remuneration policy is consistent with, 
and promotes, sound and effective risk 
management practices. Our policy is 
specifically designed to protect against MRTs 
taking risks above our risk appetite.
The Group NomCo also works with the Group 
RemCo to oversee our talent plans at the 
most senior levels. At the same time, the 
Group Board Risk Committee (GBRC) 
oversees risk indicators relating to our 
culture, including oversight of the results of 
the risk culture survey carried out during the 
year and monitors the associated findings. 
Together, our Boards and their committees 
put our people at the forefront of their 
decision-making.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 56
\n[PAGE 57]\nThe Group Audit Committee (GAC) is 
responsible for overseeing the effectiveness 
of the Group’s whistleblowing arrangements, 
making sure that employees have a 
confidential and effective way to raise 
concerns about potential wrongdoing. 
The GAC also reviewed the 2025 Annual 
Whistleblowing Report, which included 
analysis of cases raised, investigation 
outcomes, and thematic trends, and 
confirmed that the ‘Speak Up’ channels are 
working effectively. The Board is committed 
to a respectful and inclusive environment, 
where everyone feels safe to speak up.
We include more examples of how the 
Directors oversee stakeholder matters and 
have anchored their decision making to these 
matters throughout this annual report.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 57
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 57
\n[PAGE 58]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 58
Risk 
manageme
nt
58
59 Our approach to risk management
63 Our top and emerging risks
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 59]\nOur approach to 
risk management 
We manage our risks using a Group 
Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework (ERMF).
The ERMF helps us make risk-based 
decisions consistently and efficiently in every 
corner of the business to support our mission 
of making money work for everyone.
It supports our high growth, customer-
focused business objectives and it helps 
leaders make well controlled decisions 
by setting minimum standards for managing 
any risk. It’s not just leaders though. All 
Monzonauts know to make decisions that 
help us grow safely.
Our customers, our colleagues, Boards and 
regulators all expect us to manage risk well. 
The ERMF helps us make well-informed 
decisions that help us build trust. In fact, 
our entire risk culture is built on the spirit 
and the wording of the ERMF.
Our ERMF has standards and practices that 
we follow to help us with everything from 
identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring 
and reporting risks. Understanding key risks 
gives us a clear view of any uncertainties we 
might face so we can decide how to manage 
them. The ERMF sets principles for the overall 
culture, roles and responsibilities, and tools 
for managing all risk types across Monzo. 
This diagram shows how the framework’s 
structured. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 59

\n[PAGE 60]\nOur principal risks 
and uncertainties
Each principal risk has: 
• a risk appetite statement set by the Board
• its own Group risk framework, setting out 
how the Board expects us to manage the 
category
• an executive owner.
The risks may also have specific subsidiary 
risk committees that track performance 
where the risk is material for that subsidiary, 
for example in Monzo Bank Limited (MBL).
As a regulated group, we adhere to all kinds 
of regulations, from organisational 
requirements for our systems and controls, 
to specific rules on how products work. Our 
Compliance framework sets out how we stay 
compliant with these regulations, including 
how we manage related risks which the 
Group Enterprise Risk and Compliance 
Committee (ERCC) considers.
Strategic risk The risk to our mission and equity valuation 
as a result of poor business decisions, failed 
execution of business strategy, a lack of 
responsiveness to changes in the competitive 
environment, regulatory landscape, or market 
conditions, or a failure to maintain public 
confidence and trust.
Financial risk The risk that we don’t have enough financial 
resources or carry out activities which impact 
our solvency and/or impact our ability to 
meet our liabilities.
Financial Crime and Fraud risk The risk that we, our products or our services 
are used to facilitate/advance criminal 
activity, terrorist financing or to avoid 
sanctions.
Operational risk The risk of loss because of inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people and systems 
or from external events.
Conduct risk The risk that  any action, or inaction of Monzo 
or a Monzo colleague or individual associated 
with Monzo leads to harm to customers, 
counterparties or market integrity
Credit risk The risk that customers who owe us money 
default on their obligations to pay us back.
Risk type Definition The Three Lines of 
Defence and what 
each one does
We use a Three Lines of Defence (3LoD) 
model to structure risk management 
activities for:
• clear responsibility and accountability
• effective collaboration
• efficient coordination of risk and control 
activities
The 3LoD model makes sure there’s a clear 
definition of responsibilities between the 
ownership and management of risk (1LoD), 
oversight and challenge (2LoD) and 
independent validation and assurance (3LoD). 
Each line of defence is independent and 
doesn’t rely on another for its day-to-day 
operation.
• First Line (1LoD): the majority of our team – 
designs and runs business operations by 
owning and operating most controls to 
manage our risks and stay within risk 
appetite and meet regulatory requirements.
• Second Line (2LoD): oversees, through 
support and challenge of the effectiveness 
of risk management by 1st line, to reassure 
management.
• Third Line (3LoD): assures the Boards on the 
effectiveness of controls.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 60
\n[PAGE 61]\nEach line of defence’s activities
1LoD: The ownership and management of risk 2LoD: Oversight and challenge 3LoD: Independent validation and assurance
• Sets business objectives.
• Identifies, owns and manages risks where risk appetite is 
breached, both for the Group and its subsidiaries.
• Defines, operates and tests controls across Monzo.
• Implements and maintains regulatory compliance.
• Adheres to Group risk frameworks.
• Defines and operates in line with Group and subsidiary 
policy requirements.
• Identifies future threats and risks.
• Supports the development and embedding of a risk-aware 
culture.
• Notifies of control failures, heightened risks and breaches of 
Group and subsidiary policy.
• Develops the strategy and vision for Risk and Compliance in 
Monzo, both for the Group and for subsidiaries.
• Runs the Group and Subsidiary Board Risk Appetite annual 
refresh.
• Sets Group risk frameworks to articulate the minimum 
standards for risk management.
• Gives expert advice on the risk profile of business initiatives.
• Reports aggregate enterprise level risks to both subsidiary and 
Group Boards.
• Conducts independent and risk-based oversight.
• Interprets material regulatory change.
• Defines target state risk culture and monitors performance 
against aspirations.
• Runs the enterprise Horizon Scanning process for the Group.
• Manages regulatory relationships.
• Independently reviews the effectiveness of 1LoD control 
and 2LoD oversight, support and challenge.
• Assesses how well we’re adhering to the ERMF and 
application of risk frameworks.
• Assures the integrity of our risk management processes, 
control mechanisms and information systems.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 61
\n[PAGE 62]\nWe want to promote 
the right risk culture 
Our values are essential to how we operate. 
They influence everything we do and are 
articulations of the culture across the whole 
Monzo Group. Risk culture is a subset of our 
values, it isn’t standalone – all of the values 
are important in helping us to grow safely. 
You can find our values on page 7.
We have an established 
risk appetite
Risk appetite sets the type and size of risks 
that we’re willing to take to achieve our 
objectives and strategic aims. 
Our risk appetite describes and 
communicates our approach to risk for 
Monzonauts, the Boards, regulators, 
investors and others. It sets boundaries for 
Monzonauts to make decisions quickly 
without needing extra feedback or approval. 
It gives them the freedom to use their expert 
knowledge to help us grow safely and 
quickly.
It’s expressed through a series of Attitude to 
Risk Statements (qualitative), dos and don’ts 
(prescriptive) and associated Risk Appetite 
Metrics (quantitative), which are aligned to 
our risk profile and key risks. Our Boards 
agree and review these every year.
How we oversee our risks
We’ve set clear risk ownership and reporting 
lines through our risk committees across 
the Group structure, which align with our 
subsidiaries and cover our key risks. The 
Group Board is ultimately responsible for 
the effectiveness of our risk management 
framework and the Group Board Risk 
Committee operates on behalf of the 
Board to oversee the effectiveness of 
risk management in Monzo. 
Each committee is responsible for monitoring 
our risk profile and challenging exposures 
across the relevant risk type in line with the 
subsidiary and Group Board’s risk appetite. 
This committee structure means we can make 
decisions quickly and efficiently, and escalate 
risk to senior management and our Board. 
The Board monitors the effectiveness of risk 
management arrangements, including 
internal control systems, throughout the year 
and considers that, as at 31 March 2026, it 
had in place adequate systems and controls 
for our risk profile and strategy. While risk 
cannot be eliminated, the Board is reasonably 
satisfied that the systems of internal control 
embedded within the risk management 
framework have worked effectively during 
the last financial year to identify, monitor, 
manage and control all relevant risks.
Risk Type Management Committee oversight
Strategic risk Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee 
Financial risk Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Asset and Liability Committee
Financial crime and Fraud risk Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Financial Crime and Fraud Risk Committee 
Operational risk Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and Chief Operations Officer (COO) Conduct and Operational Risk Committee 
Conduct risk Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Credit risk Chief Banking Officer, Monzo7 Credit Risk Committee 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 62
7  Following the year-end, Kunal Malani stepped down from his role as Chief Banking Officer. The CEO has taken over, ensuring a structured handover of all risk appetites and monitoring frameworks.
\n[PAGE 63]\nOur top and emerging risks 
We’ve listed our top current and emerging risks below, 
with key mitigating actions. We identify and measure risk 
consistently across all our risk categories. We identified 
these risks using both a ‘bottom-up’ risk assessment 
approach and ‘top-down’ strategic assessment with 
the Executive team and the Boards.
Current risks
Business process risk
The risk that our business processes don’t 
operate to an appropriate standard, negatively 
impacting our customers, our financial 
position, our reputation, or compliance with 
regulation.
We review and improve our processes 
continuously, focusing on customer-facing 
processes and third parties to maintain service 
levels and protect customers as we grow 
internationally.
We use Risk and Control Self Assessments to 
identify process risks and controls that need 
management attention.
We always aim to improve operational 
efficiency to meet customer needs and 
regulatory obligations. The Board monitors 
progress on customer service improvements 
regularly.
Our Monzo Stand-In platform maintains 
continuous service during temporary 
technology or process failures.
We monitor service levels closely and have 
comprehensive plans to manage operational 
support needs.
Increasing
Our growing customer base and challenges in 
the effectiveness of our response to some 
customers drives our focus on maintaining 
process quality and protecting customer 
experience at scale.
• Operational
Inherent risk description Mitigation and control Change in risk Risk category
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 63
\n[PAGE 64]\nRisks associated with operational scaling
The risk that we don’t invest enough in 
processes and controls as we scale, leading to 
mistakes or over-reliance on third parties and/
or future incidents.
We serve over 15.2m customers and recognise 
our business is growing fast.
We run a programme of work to review and 
strengthen processes and controls, particularly 
for customer servicing, correcting known issues 
as we grow.
We monitor service levels closely and plan 
extensively to manage operational support and 
customer needs.
We test customer outcomes in detail to keep 
interactions appropriate, including complaints 
and vulnerable customer responses.
Increasing
We’ve proactively reviewed service levels and 
targeted improvements to customer outcomes 
as we scale.
• Operational
• Conduct
Capital funding of planned growth
The risk we won’t be able to hold enough 
capital to meet regulatory requirements in the 
medium term.
Our strong business performance and FY2026 
financial results mitigate this risk. 
We stress test capital positions regularly and 
take steps to reduce risk wherever possible, 
keeping regulators up to date on our capital 
position. 
We recognise our growth and ambitions will 
increase regulatory capital requirements in the 
medium term. 
More detail in Note 23.
No change
We received a lower MREL requirement in 
January 2026 but expect regulatory capital 
requirements to increase as our balance sheet 
and risk-weighted assets grow.
We’ve built headroom for growth and 
structured our Group to meet regulatory 
requirements and fund growth efficiently.
• Financial
Inherent risk description Mitigation and control Change in risk Risk category
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 64
\n[PAGE 65]\nRisks to the effective control of financial crime and fraud
The risk that we, our products or our services 
are used to facilitate/advance criminal activity, 
terrorist financing or avoid sanctions.
We recognise fraud and financial crime risk 
evolves and increases continuously. We follow 
developments closely so that we make sure our 
controls remain suitable.
We continue to scale up fraud detection and 
prevention capabilities with additional experts, 
engineers, and product and data support 
dedicated to fighting fraud.
Decreasing
We’ve seen positive improvement in Financial 
Crime and Fraud through proactive risk 
management and control improvements.
We’ve improved fraud controls effectiveness 
and efficiency considerably through 
successful service improvement plans. This 
strengthens control performance, customer 
experience and growth initiatives.
• Financial crime and Fraud
• Financial
Increased credit losses
The risk that our credit risk losses will be 
bigger than expected. This could be due to 
affordability pressures on our customers 
caused by the macroeconomic environment.
We closely monitor the quality of our lending 
portfolios and compare loss expectations to 
revenue expectations.
During the year, we’ve matured our credit 
strategy and tightened our lending criteria to 
improve the quality of the portfolio and we 
remain focused on supporting our customers 
through any financial difficulties.
We also note that the economic environment 
may cause increased defaults on lending due to 
affordability pressures on our customers.
Further detail on our impairments can be found 
in Note 4.
No change
Our credit exposure has increased in line with 
our growth ambitions. We mitigate this through 
continuous credit model improvements.
• Credit
Inherent risk description Mitigation and control Change in risk Risk category
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 65
\n[PAGE 66]\nNew and emerging risks
Risks associated with data / models
The risk that as we increase our use of 
automation models in decision making and 
grow our use of Artificial Intelligence (AI), it 
leads to unexpected customer harm or 
financial loss.
Technology advances in data and models create opportunities to improve processes and risks to 
reputation if we get it wrong or competitors move faster. The regulatory environment is also 
moving quickly in this space.
We monitor developments continuously and actively mitigate new threats from bad actors that 
could increase AI-related risks like data privacy or fraud. 
We put all process changes, including material model changes, through our governance process 
to consider risks before making changes.
• Strategic
• Financial Crime & Fraud
• Operational
Macroeconomic risk 
The risk that global political instability, 
inflation, monetary policy decisions and the 
cost of living impacts our business and 
revenue growth
The global geopolitical environment is still volatile with elevated asset-price shock risks across 
many markets. While we have no direct exposure to these markets, a significant correction 
would impact consumer, investor and regulatory behaviour in ways that could affect us 
materially.
We monitor the macroeconomic environment closely and run horizon scanning and stress 
testing exercises to assess macroeconomic risks. We use Treasury hedging activity to reduce 
interest rate volatility impact.
• Strategic
• Financial
Risks associated with strategic overreach
The risk that we plan for more than we can 
successfully and safely deliver with current 
resources resulting in delayed or failed 
delivery.
We have ambitious goals for the UK business and international expansion. Our processes, 
controls, governance and technical capabilities might not grow at the same pace, creating 
management stretch and execution risks.
We give our Boards regular updates on strategic plans and expansion projects to make sure 
teams have the capability and capacity to deliver.
• Strategic
Risks associated with competition
The risk that competitors, both traditional and 
challenger banks, present materially more 
competitive pricing or propositions to 
customers,  and impacting our strategic plans.
We think competition in our marketplace is healthy and brings out the best in us to design better 
products and services for customers.
The competitive environment evolves constantly, with technology developments speeding up 
change for incumbents and new entrants. Competitors sometimes price for growth in our key 
markets or mirror our key features. When this happens successfully, it impacts our growth 
opportunities in the UK and abroad.
We monitor the competitive environment closely and run deep customer research as part of our 
product development.
• Strategic
Inherent risk description Mitigation and control Risk category
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 66
\n[PAGE 67]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 67
Governance
67
68 Governance snapshot
70 Our Board members
75 Our corporate governance framework
 and structure
78 Diversity on our Boards
79 Composition, succession and evaluation
82 How our Boards spent their time
84 Our executive team
85 FY2026 Corporate Governance 
 Compliance Statement
88 Board activity
89 Group Board Committee activity
102 Group Directors’ report
105 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 68]\nGovernance snapshot
Throughout FY2026, we focused 
on our ability to deliver our 
operational, strategic and social 
priorities. This makes sure our 
governance framework aligns with 
what our stakeholders expect and 
follows the Wates Corporate 
Governance Principles for Large 
Private Companies.
Having a strong and effective corporate 
governance framework supports the Board’s 
focus on the effective decision making we 
need for long-term sustainable growth. It also 
makes sure the Board has the right level of 
oversight of the material issues we’re facing.
Our success depends on our relentless 
commitment to high corporate governance 
standards, as well as a strong and healthy 
culture in the boardroom and across our 
whole company.
As we continue on our journey to a more 
established group structure, maintaining high 
standards of corporate governance is key. 
This Governance report highlights key 
developments and how the Boards have 
achieved this throughout the year.
Board evolution
We continue to focus on growth and scaling 
in a safe and efficient way, supported by 
robust corporate governance arrangements. 
A significant part of the Board’s agenda this 
year was our key objectives around Board 
composition and developing our future 
governance structure. For the 2026 financial 
year, we continue to be led by a mirror board. 
Under this structure, the MBHG and MBL 
Boards are made up of the same Directors 
(except the Chief Financial Officer and the 
non-independent non-executive directors 
appointed in 2026). However, our objective 
is to split the Monzo Bank Holding Group 
Limited (’MBHG’) and Monzo Bank Limited 
(’MBL’) Boards during FY2027. 
This separation is expected to involve the 
creation of a new Group Audit & Risk 
Committee and separate MBL Risk 
Committee and MBL Audit Committee. 
We are expecting to add these Committees 
to our existing Group Nomination and 
Governance Committee (’Group NomCo’) 
and Group Remuneration Committee (’Group 
RemCo’), which will both continue to be joint 
Committees of MBHG and MBL. This will 
support the increasingly different focuses 
and roles of MBHG and MBL as we grow 
both in the UK and internationally.
In addition, the MBL Board has appointed a 
new Independent Non-Executive Director 
(‘INED’) (subject to regulatory approval) with 
effect from 1 June 2026. The INED is 
expected to assume the MBL Board Chair 
position in H1 FY2027 following receipt of 
regulatory approval, which will further support 
the separation of the MBHG and MBL Boards.
During the year, we have also established two 
new MBHG Board Committees, the Group 
Disclosure Committee (‘GDC’) and the Group 
Board Sustainability Committee (‘GBSC’), 
which maintain a mandate over the activities 
of the MBL Board. 
The GDC has been established to assist the 
MBHG Board of Directors and its Committees 
in fulfilling their responsibilities related to 
Monzo’s external disclosures. It is chaired 
by the Group Chief Financial Officer. It’s 
primary scope is to oversee the design, 
implementation, and maintenance of robust 
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure 
that all material financial, regulatory, and 
public communications made by MBHG and 
its material subsidiaries (including MBL) are 
accurate, complete and timely.
The GDC met 3 times during the year to 
consider and verify the key disclosures 
referenced within the annual report and 
accounts.
The GBSC was established before 31 March 
2026 with a global remit supporting MBHG 
and its material subsidiaries (including MBL). 
While formally constituted by the MBHG 
Board during the reporting period, the GBSC 
is scheduled to hold its inaugural meeting 
on 11 May 2026. 
The GBSC provides strategic oversight 
and will convene twice per year and will 
complement half-yearly sustainability updates 
to the Group Board. Its forward-looking 
agenda for the upcoming year will focus 
on overseeing the Group’s sustainability 
strategy and impact, including progress 
against decarbonisation goals, alignment 
with evolving regulatory requirements, 
identification of key ESG priorities, and 
consideration of investor and market 
perspectives.
The GBSC is chaired by the MBHG Vice Chair 
and includes independent and material 
subsidiary Directors to ensure diverse and 
rigorous Board-level challenge. It is 
supported by the Sustainability Steering 
Committee, which provides executive 
ownership and meets quarterly to drive 
operational delivery.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 68
\n[PAGE 69]\nBoard changes
On 1 February 2026, TS Anil stepped down as 
Group and MBL Chief Executive Officer and 
was then appointed as a Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director and Vice Chair of 
MBHG on 1 March 2026. Diana Layfield, a 
former Google and Standard Chartered 
executive, succeeded him as Group and MBL 
Chief Executive Officer. 
The Board carried out a thorough and 
comprehensive search process, helped 
by external recruitment consultants, to find 
the best possible candidate, including 
developing a detailed role and person profile 
and interviews with Board members. The 
process culminated with the Board agreeing 
a recommendation from the Nomination and 
Governance Committee that Diana Layfield be 
appointed as Group and MBL Chief Executive. 
As part of talks on succession planning and 
preparing to separate the MBHG and MBL 
Boards, the composition of our Boards 
evolved even further this year, appointing 
4 new INEDs. 
In June 2025, Delfin Rueda joined the Board 
bringing over 30 years of experience in 
finance and risk management within the 
financial services sector. In September 2025, 
we welcomed Jambu Palaniappan to the 
Boards, a seasoned business leader, current 
Chief Executive Officer of Checkatrade and 
former senior executive at Uber supporting 
high growth business enterprises. And in 
October 2025, Karen Peacock and Spencer 
Lake joined the Boards. Karen brings a wealth 
of experience from Intuit where she was 
General Manager of one of its largest 
businesses and Senior Vice President of 
Small Business. She also brings extensive 
experience in Technology, Artificial 
Intelligence and Machine Learning. Spencer 
brings a wealth of banking experience to the 
Boards, mainly through his former role as 
Group General Manager and Global Head 
of Capital Financing at HSBC, providing for 
expertise in debt and equity capital markets 
and mergers and acquisitions. 
In January 2026, we also appointed two new 
investor Directors to the Board, Anu 
Hariharan and Vinay Yarlagadda, as 
shareholder representatives.
You can find more information on appointing 
our new Directors on page 89 of our Board 
Nomination and Governance Committee 
report.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 69

\n[PAGE 70]\nOur Board
We continued to operate a mirror 
board structure for this financial 
year, which has been successful in 
supporting the Group reorganisation 
(more about this on page 75). 
This structure supported great progress 
during the year, leading to efficient and 
smooth decision-making for the business and 
the Boards. Our Board members that are 
appointed to both MBHG and MBL Boards 
stayed aware of, and attentive to, the 
responsibility they owe to MBHG and MBL on 
an individual and consolidated group basis. 
Some of the big decisions during the year, 
like the decision to acquire Habito, needed 
consideration from both an MBL and MBHG 
perspective at different stages of the 
process. Our continued approach to agenda-
setting and paper writing make it clear when 
certain matters are entity-specific or 
applicable to the Group as a whole. This 
supports the Boards’ decision-making and 
their aim of achieving the right outcomes for 
Monzo and its stakeholders. 
Our mirror approach extends to our Group 
Board Committees (with the exception of our 
GAC, which is a standalone MBHG Board 
Committee) and Group Executive Committees. 
The GAC is a Committee of the MBHG Board 
from which it derives its authority, but also 
oversees audit arrangements relevant to MBL 
and is required to report certain matters to the 
MBL Board, together with the MBHG Board. 
As we continue on our journey to reorganise 
our Group corporate structure, we’ll keep our 
governance structure under review, making 
any changes as needed to better support us 
as we grow internationally.
Gary Hoffman CBE
Chair of the MBHG and MBL
Gary joined Monzo on 1 February 2019 and 
also chairs the Group NomCo. He has 
extensive experience in financial services 
including retail banking, insurance and 
consumer lending, starting his career at 
Barclays where he stayed for 25 years. He 
took on several senior roles before becoming 
the CEO of Northern Rock, steering them 
successfully through the 2008 financial crisis.
He then went on to become the CEO of NBNK 
Investments and later CEO for Hastings 
Insurance Group, which he led through an 
IPO, as well as serving as Non-Executive 
Chair of Visa Europe and Non-Executive 
Director of Visa Inc. Gary’s previous external 
appointments include Chair of football’s 
English Premier League and Chair of the 
Football Foundation Charity. 
Gary’s external appointments are: Chair of 
Northamptonshire County Cricket Club. 
Diana Layfield
Group Chief Executive Officer 
and Executive Director
Diana joined our Board on 1 February 2026. 
She has consistently driven innovation and 
growth across a wide range of organisations, 
from founding a tech start-up to scaling 
global technology and financial services 
institutions. During her nine years at Google, 
as General Manager of Search International & 
Growth, she led Search’s global Growth and 
Internationalisation teams, driving 
differentiated growth and scaling through AI 
deployment. As Vice President, Next Billion 
Users and Product Management, she led the 
development of products for emerging 
markets, including the design, build and 
launch of Tez (GooglePay India) which scaled 
to over 200 million users. Before Google, 
Diana served as CEO for the Africa Region at 
Standard Chartered Bank, where she was 
responsible for wholesale, investment, and 
consumer banking across 27 countries. 
Diana’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director at AstraZeneca plc and 
Chair at British International Investment. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 70

\n[PAGE 71]\nTom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer 
and Executive Director 
Tom joined the Board on 5 February 2025 
and became CFO on 14 March 2025. Tom 
brings over 15 years of strategic financial 
leadership experience across digital banking, 
consumer goods and global financial 
markets. He brings deep experience in 
growth and innovation from previous roles as 
Chief Investment Officer of climate fund 
Mombak and as Global Head of Financial 
Planning and Analysis at Nubank, where he 
was part of the executive team who oversaw 
the bank’s hypergrowth phase and $45b 
NYSE listing in 2021. Earlier in his career, he 
gained extensive finance and general 
management experience at 3G, Capital-
backed consumer giant Kraft Heinz and 
commodities trader Glencore.
Tom does not have any other external 
appointments.
TS Anil
Non-Executive Director
TS joined our Board on 6 October 2020 as an 
Executive Director having been a financial 
services and payments leader with decades 
of experience around the world. He has a 
wealth of experience launching new 
products, developing innovative payment 
technologies and taking existing businesses 
to new growth opportunities. He stepped 
down as our Group Chief Executive Officer 
and Executive Director on 1 February 2026 
and currently serves the Board as a Non-
Executive Director and Vice Chair. As our 
former Group Chief Executive Officer, he 
brings exceptional experience and 
understanding of Monzo’s key strategies and 
product offerings to support his role on the 
Board as a Non-Executive Director and Vice 
Chair, taking up this role on 1 March 2026.
TS’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director at Accion International.
Eileen Burbidge MBE
Investor Non-Executive Director
Eileen joined our Board on 21 April 2015 as a 
representative for Passion Capital, one of our 
major shareholders. As well as co-founding 
Passion, Eileen also served as HM Treasury’s 
Special Envoy for Fintech and was previously 
Chair of Tech Nation and a member of the 
Prime Minister’s Business Advisory Group. 
Eileen brings a wealth of experience to the 
Boards from a broad range of industries 
including mobile, digital technology, 
consumer and enterprise software 
development and communications and 
significant experience across product, 
business, market and commercial 
development.
Eileen’s external appointments are: Fertifa 
Ltd, and Designated Member of Passion 
Capital Group entities.
Valerie Dias
Independent Non-Executive Director
Valerie joined our Board on 1 June 2021 and 
became Chair of our GBRC in January 2022. 
Valerie is also a Non-Executive Director of 
the Monzo Bank Europe Designated Activity 
Company Board.
Valerie brings a wealth of finance, risk, 
governance and operational experience 
having worked as a senior executive at Visa 
Europe for almost 25 years, first as their Chief 
Financial Officer and then as their Chief Risk 
Officer.
Valerie’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director of U.S. Bank Europe 
Designated Activity Company and Hastings 
Insurance Services Limited.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 71
\n[PAGE 72]\nAnulakshmi Hariharan
Investor Non-Executive Director
Anu joined our Board in February 2026. She 
brings deep expertise in the technology and 
fintech sectors, having spent much of her 
career advising and investing in high-growth 
companies across the globe. 
She’s the Founder and Managing Partner of 
avra, where she helps growth-stage founders 
scale their companies. Before starting avra, 
Anu was the co-founder and Managing 
Director of Y Combinator’s Growth Fund. 
There, she led investments in companies like 
Brex, Faire, Gusto, and Whatnot. She also 
spent time as a partner at Andreessen 
Horowitz, working with the leadership teams 
at Airbnb and Instacart.
Anu’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director at Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
and Zepto.
Amy Kirk
Independent Non-Executive Director
Amy joined our Board on 24 January 2017 and 
brings more than 25 years of UK and 
international retail banking and consumer 
lending experience.
She’s held executive positions in lending, 
risk and operations at Wonga Group Ltd, 
OneSavings Bank plc and Bank of America 
Europe Card Services. Before she moved to 
the UK, Amy was the Director of Credit for 
the largest credit card issuer in the United 
States, MBNA America. Amy also has deep 
experience in credit and fraud strategy, 
portfolio risk management, and remuneration, 
serving as our Group Remuneration 
Committee Chair until June 2024.
Amy’s external appointments are: Non- 
Executive Director of FCMB Bank (UK) Ltd; 
Non-Executive Director of Maryland Partners 
Ltd; and Senior Independent Director of 
Griffin Bank Limited (previously known as 
Griffin Financial Technology Limited).
Spencer Lake 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Spencer joined our Boards in October 2025. 
He brings a depth and breadth of experience 
in the financial services industry, particularly 
in capital and debt markets. 
Spencer spent 10 years at HSBC where he 
was a Group General Manager and Vice 
Chairman of HSBC’s Global Banking and 
Markets Division, having previously run its 
Global Debt Origination, Markets, and Global 
Capital Financing Divisions, which included 
HSBC’s balance sheet and Investment 
Banking products. Spencer also spent 17 
years at Merrill Lynch, working in various 
leadership roles in New York, Hong Kong and 
London, and was Chair to the board of the 
International Capital Market Association from 
2010 to 2016. 
Spencer’s external appointments are: 
Founding Partner of 13books Capital and a 
Non-Executive Director of Duco Technology 
and the National Debt Management Center of 
Saudi Arabia.
Fiona McBain
Senior Independent Director
Fiona joined our Board on 1 January 2020. 
She’s the Board’s Senior Independent 
Director (SID) and Chair of our GAC. She has 
more than 35 years of regulated retail 
financial services experience, in industry and 
as an auditor, both in the UK and US.
Fiona brings wide-ranging strategic and 
operational experience at both board and 
senior executive management level. She was 
Chief Executive of Scottish Friendly 
operating in financial services across the UK 
and the Republic of Ireland for 11 years.
Fiona does not have any other external 
appointments.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 72
\n[PAGE 73]\nJambu Palaniappan 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Jambu joined our Boards in September 2025. 
He brings a wealth of experience in consumer 
technology and globally scaling businesses.
Alongside Jambu’s appointment to the 
Boards, he is the CEO of Checkatrade, a 
tech-enabled business that connects 
tradespeople with consumers searching for 
fixes and upgrades to their homes. Before 
that, Jambu held senior executive positions at 
OMERS Ventures, a Canadian venture capital 
firm, and at Uber and Uber Eats, where he 
helped lead their global expansion.
Jambu’s external appointments are: Chief 
Executive Officer of Checkatrade Limited 
and Just Eat Takeaway N.V. 
Karen Peacock
Independent Non-Executive Director
Karen joined our Boards in October 2025. 
She brings over 25 years of significant 
business and management experience in 
technology leadership, driving strategy, 
innovation, and growth. Karen is the former 
CEO of Intercom and the former General 
Manager and Senior Vice President at Intuit 
where she and her team built one of the 
world’s largest global SaaS businesses.
Karen’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director of Dropbox and IDEXX 
Laboratories, and Limited Partner of 
Operator Collective Management L.L.C.
Delfin Rueda
Independent Non-Executive Director
Delfin joined our Boards in June 2025. 
He brings over 30 years of experience in 
finance, risk management, governance, 
and operations within the financial 
services sector.
Delfin’s career started in consulting and 
investment banking, with positions at 
Andersen Consulting, Salomon Brothers, 
UBS, and JPMorgan. He was CFO and Vice-
Chair of the Executive Board and 
Management Board at ING Insurance and NN 
Group and Chief Financial and Risk Officer 
and member of the Management Board at 
Atradius. With over two decades of non-
executive experience in banking and 
insurance, he also chaired the Audit and Risk 
Committee at Adyen and the European 
Insurance CFO Forum.
Delfin’s external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director at Allfunds, Achmea 
Pensions & Life and FlowTraders, and 
Venture Partner of Mundi Ventures. 
Lizzie Runham
Independent Non-Executive Director
Lizzie joined our Board on 1 March 2022. 
She brings more than 20 years of experience 
helping organisations thrive across highly 
complex sectors including financial services, 
pharmaceutical and technology. In addition 
to the UK, she has a depth of experience in 
Africa, the Middle East and Asia where she 
spent 14 years. Her areas of specialism are 
HR strategy, operations and crisis 
management. 
Lizzie’s external appointments are: HR Vice 
President and Chief Operating Officer & 
International for Meta and Chair of the 
Speakers Trust.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 73
\n[PAGE 74]\nFields Wicker-Miurin OBE
Independent Non-Executive Director
Fields joined our Board on 1 April 2024 and is 
now our Group RemCo Chair. She brings a 
wealth of experience from her international 
career in financial services and her 30 years 
serving as a board member, SID and 
committee chair across a diverse range of 
sectors, including 12 years on the main board 
of BNP Paribas.
Fields’ external appointments are: Non-
Executive Director of Scor SE, Deputy Chair 
of the Royal College of Art and Design and 
chair of the Planning and Resources and 
Investment Committees, and Chair of the 
British Equestrian Federation.
Vinay Yarlagadda
Investor Non-Executive Director
Vinay joined our Board in February 2026. He 
brings extensive experience in the fintech 
and applications sectors, having spent nearly 
a decade leading global investments in high-
growth technology companies.
He’s a Managing Director in GIC’s 
Technology Investment Group and a member 
of the firm’s investment committee, where he 
focuses on backing companies across 
fintech, applications and physical AI. He’s 
been a long-term partner to several fintech 
platforms, including Stripe, Ramp, Affirm, and 
Checkout.com. 
Vinay doesn’t have any other external 
appointments.
Governance and growth
The Boards play an active role in developing 
and overseeing how we deliver our strategy, 
making sure it aligns with our mission of 
making money work for everyone. Over the 
past year, the Boards guided us as we 
continued to focus on our core retail banking 
business, expanded into the European Union 
and completed our first strategic acquisition 
of  Habito which will allow us to add 
complementary mortgage brokerage services 
to our existing product offering.
The Group and its 
subsidiaries operate 
within our governance 
framework
We set out our Approach to Corporate 
Governance in the Board-approved 
governance framework which the entities in 
our Group operate in. As we grow the 
business and expand globally, it’s important 
for us to maintain an appropriate standard of 
governance across our Group. We can tailor 
this to suit different legal and regulatory 
contexts as needed. Our governance 
framework helps us to achieve consistent 
governance practices across our Group, 
aligning with our Group Enterprise Risk 
Management Framework.
It was agreed that the review of our 
governance documentation would align to 
the anticipated Board separation in FY2027. 
We’re working closely with teams across our 
company to further develop our Group 
governance framework.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 74
\n[PAGE 75]\nOur corporate governance 
framework and structure
There’s a chain of delegated 
authority, starting with our 
shareholders. The MBHG Board gets 
its authority from its shareholders 
while the MBL Board gets its 
authority from MBHG (its parent and 
sole shareholder). 
During the financial year, the MBHG Board 
set the overall strategy of the Group and 
made sure we’re creating value over the 
long-term and operated within a framework 
of effective controls. The MBL Board sets its 
strategy within the parameters agreed by the 
MBHG Board and monitors its strategic 
implementation in helping us achieve our 
mission in a way that aligns with our values. 
While we currently have a mirror board 
structure with regards to MBHG and MBL, the 
Boards collectively oversee key areas in the 
Group related to strategy, culture, risk, 
finance and capital, internal systems and 
controls, audit and governance.
The structure chart shows how our Boards 
also delegate certain areas of responsibility 
to our committees. We’ve established 4 
permanent Group Board Committees which 
take responsibility for risk, financial reporting 
and audit, remuneration and people, board 
planning, and corporate governance.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 75

\n[PAGE 76]\nThe Monzo Group is made up of a number of 
entities, with MBHG being the ultimate parent 
company of the Group. We completed a 
corporate reorganisation in September 2023 
and have operated with our current mirror 
board structure since given the close 
alignment of interests between MBHG and 
MBL. The MBHG Board leads the Group and 
is ultimately responsible for helping us 
achieve our mission in a way that aligns with 
our values. While we currently have a mirror 
board structure for MBHG and MBL, the 
Boards collectively oversee key areas in the 
Group related to strategy, culture, risk, 
finance and capital, internal systems and 
controls, audit and governance.
Role of the Boards
The Boards promote our sustainable, long-
term success, generating value for our 
shareholders and other stakeholders. With 
help from our group governance framework, 
the Boards operated within a framework of 
prudent and effective controls, which are 
designed to support us in achieving our goals 
and strategic objectives. This helps them set 
and oversee our key strategies while 
appropriately assessing and managing 
associated risks.
The Boards set our purpose, values, strategy 
and long-term objectives. They’re also 
responsible for the Group’s corporate 
governance activities, risk management and 
financial performance and the framework is 
designed to improve the Boards’ 
effectiveness and to support overseeing the 
senior leadership team as it delivers our 
strategy. For the framework to be its most 
effective, it has a clear division of 
responsibilities, appropriate distribution of 
workload to the Board Committee and highly 
committed Directors who are motivated to 
carry out their roles and responsibilities for 
the success of Monzo.
The powers of the Boards are set out in their 
articles of association, and they operate 
under a formal schedule of matters reserved 
to the Board. The Board has delegated the 
day-to-day management of the Group’s 
business to the Group Chief Executive 
Officer, who cascades the agreed standards 
to the business. 
Below is a list of key areas that the Boards are 
responsible for, together with some of its key 
decisions during the year.
Strategic development 
and performance
• Received business performance and 
strategic transformation updates. 
• Oversaw the acquisition of Habito.
• Discussed and approved recommendations 
on the future strategic growth of the Group. 
• Discussed and approved us closing 
operations in the US.
• Debated and considered the opportunities 
and challenges facing the Group due to the 
changing macro environment and agreed 
the propositional, financial, strategic and 
risk response. 
Finance 
• Regularly assessed financial performance 
and the Group’s capital and liquidity 
position via business performance reports 
from the Group Chief Financial Officer. 
• Reviewed and approved our full-year 
financial results and annual report and 
accounts for the 2025 financial year, with 
consideration given to the preparation of 
the accounts on a going concern basis.
• Reviewed our performance, outlook and 
forecast and discussed the opportunities 
associated with related financial and 
strategic plans. 
• Discussed and challenged the forecast, 
economic and market assumptions ahead of 
a review of our strategic plans. 
• Approved the Group Internal Capital 
Framework. 
• Approved the Group Capital Plan. 
• Assessed the economic and market 
conditions affecting the Group.
Risk and regulatory matters 
and external outlook
• Received regular reports from the Group 
Chief Risk Officer on the internal and 
external risk outlook, and regulatory 
matters. 
• Reviewed and approved our Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process/Internal 
Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process 
documentation, including reverse stress 
testing considerations. 
• Approved the Group Risk Appetite and 
supporting metrics. 
• Assessed the Group’s overall risk profile 
and emerging risk themes.
• Reviewed and approved changes to capital 
positioning.
• Reviewed and approved risk appetite 
statements and emerging risk themes. 
Purpose, culture and values 
• Reviewed and discussed our strategies that 
influence our overarching culture.
• Reviewed the Annual Culture Report, which 
analysed the annual colleague opinion 
survey results, and the progress made on 
developing and embedding our culture and 
behaviours. 
• Reviewed reports from the Group Chief 
People Officer.
• Reviewed progress against diversity, equity 
and inclusion strategic goals.
• Reviewed our Annual Whistleblowing 
Report 2025 and whistleblowing 
arrangements. 
• Approved our 2025 Modern Slavery 
Statement.
Board governance
• Received the 2026 externally facilitated 
Board performance review and discussed 
resulting actions. 
• Considered succession planning for the 
Board and key executives. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 76
\n[PAGE 77]\n• Received regular reports from the Audit, 
Risk, Remuneration and Group Nomination 
Committees.
• Reviewed regular reports from the Group 
Company Secretary and Chief Legal & 
Administration Officer on legal and 
governance matters. 
External appointments
We expect all Directors to dedicate enough 
time to do their job properly, it’s a condition 
of becoming a director. The Board reviews 
each director’s external commitments every 
year, after each director confirms they can 
still dedicate enough time to their 
responsibilities. Directors inform the Chair 
before accepting any new appointments so 
we can consider any actual or potential 
conflicts of interest, and the time 
commitment the position needs.
Related party transactions
We have controls and procedures in place 
to make sure any related transactions and 
arrangements we make are in our best 
interests. You can find more information 
on related party transactions throughout 
the financial year in note 34 to MBHG’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements on 
page 183.
Conflicts of interest
All of our Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) 
have significant experience in their respective 
fields and a number have commitments to 
other organisations so it’s important that we 
can monitor actual and potential conflicts of 
interest between us and those other 
organisations. We have controls in place to 
help us make suitable arrangements in the 
event that a director’s external position or 
personal financial interest could come into 
conflict with their duties as a director of our 
company. The Boards also keep a register of 
authorised conflicts of interest which the 
Board Nominations and Governance 
Committee reviews annually.
Each director must tell the Board of any 
actual or potential situational or transactional 
conflict of interest and update them if the 
details or circumstances of a conflict change. 
We have a Conflicts of Interest Policy and 
make sure all Directors follow it. The Board 
also keeps a conflicts of interest register that 
it reviews each year and Directors must 
update the Board when new conflicts come 
up (or when existing ones are resolved). They 
confirm each year that the conflicts on the 
register are still accurate.
Directors’ indemnities 
and insurance
In line with our Company’s Articles and 
to the extent the law allows, Directors get an 
indemnity from us for any liability that results 
from their role as Directors. We also have a 
Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance 
policy. Neither of these cover liability where a 
director has acted negligently, defaulted, 
breached their duty or breached trust in 
respect of our activities.
Equity participation scheme
All of our INEDs can subscribe for shares in 
Monzo through our iNED Equity Participation 
Scheme. This scheme lets our iNEDs 
subscribe for a maximum number of shares 
based on these limitations.
• A shareholding can’t exceed 0.5% of our 
total issued share capital.
• INEDs can acquire shares up to a maximum 
amount equal to 100% of their annual 
Director’s fee, during each investment 
window (2 per year).
• A shareholding can’t represent more than 
10% of their gross assets at the time of 
investment (which the policy defines as 
material to their overall wealth).
When an INED requests to subscribe, the 
MBHG Board considers these limitations 
before approving the share issue. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 77
\n[PAGE 78]\nDiversity on our Boards
We’re proud to be meeting our 
Board diversity objectives
Diversity on our Boards cuts across a 
number of things like gender, tenure and 
independence. We’re happy to say that we 
continue to meet a majority of our diversity 
objectives and in some cases, even exceed 
our objectives for gender representation on 
our Boards and Board Committees. Three out 
of four of our Group Board Committees are 
chaired by women and women continue to 
make up more than 56% of the MBHG Board. 
Over 30% of our directors are People 
of Colour.8
Our Board Diversity Policy is important to us 
in our hiring and succession planning. It sets 
out our objectives and commitment to 
diversity on the Board in the broadest sense, 
including skills, geographic and industry 
experience, background, ethnicity, age and 
gender, to name a few. It’s why during the 
year we worked with search firms that are 
signatories to the voluntary code of conduct 
for executive search firms and maintained 
diverse candidate shortlists and longlists.9 
Diversity and inclusion is part of our company 
values and will continue to steer our 
approach to Board hiring as we shape our 
Boards for the future. To find out more about 
D&I at Monzo, see page 37. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 78
8 Refers to all people identifying as Black, Asian, Mixed or any other non-white ethnic group (People of Colour).
9 We worked with the executive search firm Korn Ferry for the two Board appointments we made this year who, in line 
with our policy requirements, are signatories to the standard voluntary code of conduct for executive search firms.

\n[PAGE 79]\nComposition, succession and evaluation
The Chair
The Board considered Gary Hoffman, the 
Chair, to be independent when he was 
appointed. 
Fiona McBain continues to fulfil the role of 
Senior Independent Director (SID). She 
supports the Chair in his role and has been 
available throughout the year to meet with 
other NEDs, act as a sounding board and raise 
any matters discussed.
Independence
INEDs made up 56% of our Board as at 
31 March 2026 (excluding the Chair) and 
we’re in the process of recruiting additional 
iNEDs to the Board. The INEDs assess 
whether they’re capable of independent 
judgement each year and that they’re free 
from any relationships or circumstances that 
could affect this. The Board has since 
considered these representations and 
concluded that these Directors are 
independent in character and judgement. 
Three of our NEDs, Eileen Burbidge, Anu 
Hariharan and Vinay Yarlagadda, are not 
considered independent because they’re 
appointed as representatives of significant 
shareholders. TS Anil is also not considered 
to be independent due to his previous role as 
Group Chief Executive and subsequent 
appointment as Vice Chair on 1 March 2026. 
Board performance
The Board reviews how it, its Committees and 
Directors are performing annually. This is a 
key mechanism for checking that the Board 
continues to operate effectively, and for 
setting the Board’s objectives and 
development areas for the coming year. 
For this financial year, we wanted to make 
sure our governance practices will work 
effectively when we segregate the MBHG 
and MBL Boards from the current mirrored 
approach and performed an externally 
facilitated review using a tailored 
questionnaire, follow-up director interviews 
and a review of Board and Committee 
minutes and papers. 
The evaluation highlighted a number of focus 
areas to make sure that Board effectiveness 
continues once the new board structure 
comes into effect. 
The 2026 review covered the following areas 
of focus in preparation for the new board 
structure. 
• The strengths and composition of the 
MBHG and MBL Boards and its principal 
committees and the importance of robust 
and strategic succession planning. 
• Clarity of the MBHG and MBL Board’s roles 
and responsibilities within the group 
context.
• The effectiveness of Board meetings, 
including the Board’s decision-making 
processes and identification of areas 
needing more Board attention.
• The importance of effective communication 
and flow of information between the MBHG 
and MBL Boards, including between key 
board members. 
The key findings were captured in a review 
document that was submitted and presented 
to the Boards in February 2026. The Boards 
took the recommendations from the review 
findings on board and will continue to make 
progress against the key findings of the 
review, delegating the monitoring of their 
progress against these actions to the Group 
NomCo. Additionally, the Boards will make 
sure that these actions are also considered in 
future reviews of Board composition and 
succession planning. 
Since the review, the Board remains satisfied 
that the Board, its Committees, the Chair and 
each of the Directors have continued to 
operate effectively in the current mirror 
structure and fulfilled their remits.
We’ve also completed a retroactive review to 
make sure that each Board Committee met its 
responsibilities for the year under its specific 
terms of reference.
Board training
We keep our Board members up to date with 
their legal, regulatory and governance 
responsibilities, and make sure they know 
about the latest internal and external 
developments. We also expect our Directors 
to keep their knowledge and skills up to date 
on topics related to our activities to support 
their continued development.
The Group Company Secretary works with 
the Chair to make sure the Board gets the 
right training and development, both 
individually and as a group.
During FY2026, the Board received training 
and updates on interest rate risk within the 
Bank, risk culture and the future corporate 
and board structure at Monzo.
The Board also received regular briefings 
from our auditors, Ernst & Young LLP (EY), 
through the Audit and Risk Committee. And 
as always, they had access to members of 
the senior leadership team.
Board composition 
The Group NomCo is responsible for 
reviewing the MBHG and MBL Board 
composition, considering succession plans 
for both the Board and senior executives, 
selecting and appointing new Directors and 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 79
\n[PAGE 80]\nconsidering the results of the annual Board 
performance review. 
For more information on the work of the 
Group NomCo this can be found on page 89.
Division of responsibilities 
The Board has agreed a clear division of 
responsibilities. We clearly define the 
responsibilities of the Chair, Chief Executive, 
SID and other Directors so that no individual 
has unrestricted powers, and no small group 
of Directors can dominate the Board’s 
decisions. While there’s no formal role 
profile, the Group Chief Financial Officer is 
responsible for the financial affairs of the 
Group while supporting the Group Chief 
Executive Officer in developing and 
executing the Group’s strategy.
Non-Executive Directors
Chair 
The Chair leads the Board, responsible for its 
effectiveness while taking account of the 
interests of the Group’s various stakeholders, 
and promoting high standards of corporate 
governance. Their key responsibilities include 
these things. 
• Effective leadership of the Board and 
promoting the highest standards of 
corporate governance practices. 
• Leading the Board in strong strategic 
oversight and setting the Board’s agenda, 
culture and values. 
• Leading the Board in challenging 
management’s thinking and proposals, and 
promoting open and constructive debate 
among Directors. 
• Maintaining internal and external 
relationships with key stakeholders, and 
communicating investors’ views to the 
Board. 
• Organising periodic monitoring and 
evaluation, including externally facilitated 
evaluation, of the performance of the 
Board, its committees and individual 
Directors. 
• Leading on succession planning for the 
Board and its committees, making sure 
appointments reflect the consideration of 
diversity characteristics. 
Senior Independent Director 
The SID’s responsibilities include these 
things. 
• Acting as a sounding board for the Chair 
and a trusted intermediary for other 
Directors. 
• Discussing the results of the Chair’s 
effectiveness review with the Chair. 
• Leading the search and appointment 
process and makes the recommendation to 
the Board for a new Chair. 
• Acting as an additional point of contact for 
shareholders. 
Non-Executive Directors 
Bring insight and experience to the Board. 
The NEDs have responsibility for these 
things. 
• Constructive challenge of the strategies 
that the Executive Directors propose. 
• Scrutinise the performance of management 
in achieving agreed goals and objectives. 
• Play leading roles in the function of the 
Board committees and bring an 
independent view to the discussion. 
They provide a creative and informed 
contribution to the Board by providing 
objective criticism and helping to challenge 
the direction of the business. 
• They scrutinise the performance of 
management in meeting agreed goals and 
objectives and monitor how the executive 
team is executing the strategy. They make 
sure that financial controls and systems of 
risk management are robust and defensible. 
They’re responsible for determining 
appropriate levels of remuneration for 
Executive Directors and have a prime role in 
appointing and, if necessary, removing 
senior management.
Group Chief Executive Officer 
Runs the day-to-day management of the 
Group under delegated authority from the 
Board and is accountable to the Board for the 
Group’s performance and delivery of the 
Group’s strategy. 
The Group Chief Executive is responsible for 
these things. 
• Developing our strategic direction for 
consideration by the Board. 
• Delivering the strategy and reporting on 
progress. 
• Day-to-day management of the Group, 
communicating expectations around 
culture and ensuring responsible business 
conduct across the business. 
• Providing effective leadership, coordination 
and performance management of the 
Executive team. 
Other Executive Directors 
Hold specific management responsibilities in 
the day-to-day running of the business, and 
are accountable to the Board for the 
execution of the Group’s strategy and the 
performance of the business. 
Vice Chair
The Vice Chair’s responsibilities include 
providing support to the development of the 
MBHG Board’s strategic initiatives, including 
with respect to fundraising, consumer-facing 
products, mergers and acquisitions and 
domestic and international policy. The Vice 
Chair also chairs the SAG and the GBSC. 
Investor Directors
Representatives of shareholders who are 
entitled to appoint a Non-Executive Director 
under the Shareholder Agreement.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 80
\n[PAGE 81]\nGroup Company Secretary 
• Supports the Board and Committee Chairs 
to plan future agendas and annual 
programmes. 
• Makes sure information is made available to 
Board members  in good time. 
• Supports the Chair to design and deliver 
Board inductions. 
• Coordinates continuing business awareness 
and training for the Non-Executive 
Directors. 
• Advises the Directors on Board practice, 
procedures and corporate governance 
matters. 
• All Directors and senior executives have 
access to the advice of the Group Company 
Secretary.
Board Governance & Committee 
Delegation
The Board delegates certain matters to its 
principal committees. Each Board committee 
considers Group matters that fall within its 
respective remit of responsibility.
• Group Board Audit Committee: See the 
report on page 95.
• Group Board Risk Committee: See the report 
on page 91.
• Group Board Nomination and Governance 
Committee: See the report on page 89.
• Group Board Remuneration Committee: 
See the report on page 94.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 81
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 81
\n[PAGE 82]\nHow our Boards 
spent their time
Non-Executive Directors must 
commit enough time to their role, 
which varies based on their 
responsibilities. 
The Chair and Non-Executive Directors are 
also expected to put aside enough time to 
understand the business through meetings 
with management, and to attend meetings 
with the Group’s regulators to promote an 
open and transparent working relationship. 
We review Directors’ time commitments 
annually, or more regularly where needed, 
to make sure that they each continue to have 
enough time for their role. Each Director 
completes a self-assessment of the time 
spent on their external commitments which 
support the review. The Board is currently 
happy that the number of appointments held 
by each Director, in addition to their position 
here, is appropriate to allow them to fulfil 
their obligations to Monzo. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 82
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 82
\n[PAGE 83]\nExecutive Directors
Diana Layfield15 2/2
Tom Oldham 9/9 — — — —
Non-Executive Directors
Gary Hoffman 9/9 — — 6/6 7/7
TS Anil16 9/9
Eileen Burbidge 9/9 — — 6/6 —
Valerie Dias 9/9 6/6 9/9 — 6/7
Amy Kirk 9/9 6/6 9/9 — 7/7
Fiona McBain 9/9 6/6 9/9 6/6 —
Lizzie Runham 8/9 — — 5/6 6/7
Fields Wicker-Miurin 8/9 5/6 9/9 — 7/7
Delfin Rueda17 8/8 4/4 8/8
Karen Peacock18 5/5 — — 3/3 5/5
Spencer Lake19 5/5
Jambu Palaniappan20 6/6
Vinay Yarlagadda21 2/2
Anulakshmi Hariharan22 2/2
Board member Board meetings10 Audit Committee11 Board Risk Committee12
Nomination and Governance 
Committee13 Remuneration Committee14
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 83
10 This table of attendance reflects that board meetings of the MBHG and MBL Board were convened jointly for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2026. The Boards also held 2 joint ad hoc meetings during the year, alongside 8 ad hoc 
MBHG only meetings.
11 The Audit Committee also held 3 ad-hoc meetings during the year, which included 1 joint meeting with the Board Risk Committee
12 The Board Risk Committee also held 2 ad-hoc meetings during the year, which included 1 joint meeting with the Audit Committee
13 The Nomination and Governance Committee also held 1 ad-hoc meeting during the year 
14 The Remuneration Committee also held 3 ad-hoc meetings during the year 
15 Diana Layfield was appointed to the MBHG Board on 1 February 2026. Diana was eligible to attend 2 Board meetings in the year
16 TS Anil attended 14 Board meetings during the financial year as Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director. He attended 1 meeting as a Non-Executive Director following his appointment as Vice Chair. 
17 Delfin Rueda was appointed to the MBHG Board on 4 June 2025. Delfin was eligible to attend 8 Board meetings in the year.
18 Karen Peacock was appointed to the MBHG Board on 13 October 2025. Karen was eligible to attend 5 Board meetings in the year.
19 Spencer Lake was appointed to the MBHG Board on 13 October 2025. Spencer was eligible to attend 5 Board meetings in the year.
20 Jambu Palaniappan was appointed to the MBHG Board on 1 September 2025. Jambu was eligible to attend 6 Board meetings in the year. 
21 Vinay Yarlagadda was appointed to the MBHG Board on 26 February 2026. Vinay was eligible to attend 2 Board meetings in the year. 
22 Anulakshmi Hariharan was appointed to the MBHG Board on 26 February 2026. Anulakshmi was eligible to attend 2 Board meetings in the year. 
\n[PAGE 84]\nOur executive team
Committee purpose 
and membership
The Board delegates responsibility to the 
Chief Executive Officer for overseeing the 
Group’s day-to-day operations, creating and 
implementing the Group’s strategic 
objectives that the Board approves, and 
overseeing those objectives. 
The Group’s matters reserved for the Board 
and Committees’ terms of reference provide 
clear direction on oversight and decision-
making. 
The Executive Committee supports the Chief 
Executive in doing this. The Executive 
Committee includes Diana Layfield and Tom 
Oldham (Executive Directors of the Board), 
the CEO of the EU business and senior 
management in key functional roles.
The Executive Committee’s key 
responsibilities include these things.
• Making recommendations to the Board 
and implementing the Group’s objectives 
and strategy.
• Developing the Group’s budget and 
long-term plan.
• Supporting the delivery of the Group’s 
strategic priorities.
• Developing the sustainability agenda to 
balance short, medium and long-term 
objectives.
• Identifying, managing and monitoring 
risk and making sure we have effective 
internal controls.
• Approving material contracts and 
transactions in line with our delegation 
of authority framework.
• Monitoring the People agenda across 
the Group including: culture, succession 
planning, talent management, and diversity 
and inclusion.
The Executive Committee has scheduled 10 
meetings per year which we keep minutes of, 
plus more informal check-ins. During the 
year, the Executive Committee played a key 
role in pushing the Group’s strategy and 
objectives forward.
Group Executive Committee members
as at 31 March 202623
Diana Layfield
Group Chief Executive Officer 
and Executive Director
Sarah Manning
Group Chief People Officer
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer 
and Executive Director
Stephanie Pagni
Group Chief Legal Officer
Mark Newbery
MBL Chief Financial Officer
Matej Pfajfar
Group Chief Technology 
Officer
Iain Laing
Group Chief Risk Officer
Shelley Malton
Group Chief Operating Officer
Andy Smart
Group Chief Product Officer
Michael Carney
EU Chief Executive Officer
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 84
23 Kunal Malani and Conor Walsh were Group Executive Committee members during FY26 but ceased to be after our financial year-end, in April 2026.
\n[PAGE 85]\nBoard and committee activity
We remain fully compliant with 
the Wates Principles of Corporate 
Governance for Large Private 
Companies 2018 (Wates).
The Boards recognise that we need high 
standards for corporate governance to 
support our business and achieve our 
strategic objectives.
We also recognise the standards of the 2024 
UK Corporate Governance Code (UK CGC) 
which represent governance best practice. 
Although we’re not required to meet the 
requirements of the UK CGC, we’ve 
committed to benchmark our corporate 
governance practices against it to reflect 
best practice. You can find details 
demonstrating how we’ve applied certain 
Principles and Provisions of the UK CGC 
throughout this Governance report.
The following principles form part of Wates 
and apply to our Boards.
Principle 1
An effective board develops 
and promotes the purpose of a 
company, and makes sure that its 
values, strategy and culture align 
with that purpose.
Our mission of making money work for 
everyone sits at the heart of everything we 
do; it’s central to our strategy, goals and 
collective vision. Our Boards set our strategy 
and hold management to account on our 
goals, making sure that both align with our 
culture, values and long-term aspirations. 
You can find more information on our Board-
approved strategy on page 12. 
Our Board members continue to role model 
the shared practices and behaviours that 
make up our culture. Our culture is key to our 
long-term success and the Boards, together 
with the Group RemCo and GBRC, actively 
consider our culture when making key 
decisions. This year, the Boards reviewed the 
ongoing direction of our existing culture and 
approved the associated strategies that 
underpin it. It’s particularly important that the 
Boards stay close to how we embed and 
maintain our culture, especially as we scale 
both domestically and internationally. Find 
more about the work we’ve done in the 
People space on page 34. The Boards 
continue to put the mission at the centre of 
their decision making, which you can read 
more about in our Section 172 statement on 
page 55.
Principle 2
Effective board composition requires 
an effective chair and a balance of 
skills, backgrounds, experience and 
knowledge, with individual directors 
having sufficient capacity to make a 
valuable contribution. The size of a 
board should be guided by the scale 
and complexity of the company.
As Chair of the Board, Gary Hoffman is 
responsible for leading the Board and making 
sure that it’s balanced, diverse, and performs 
effectively. We talk more about our Board 
structure, diversity on the Board, and division 
of responsibilities between the Chair and the 
CEO in this section (see pages 75 and 79). 
Each year, the Group NomCo oversees the 
Board performance review as well as the 
collective and individual suitability 
assessment of the Board Directors. 
Our Board and Senior Manager Suitability 
Policy governs our performance and 
suitability processes. The Board approves 
and accounts for conflicts of interest, time 
commitments, and independence. We also 
work closely with our Governance and 
Accountability Lead during this time because 
of the overlap between our internal suitability 
procedures and regulatory accountability 
regime requirements (for example, the FCA’s 
Senior Manager and Certification Regime 
(SMCR)). 
This year, Board Excellence reviewed how 
our Boards were performing. As part of this 
process, Board members were asked to 
complete a tailored questionnaire covering 
questions about their Board and Committee 
roles, and take part in 1:1 interviews with 
Board Excellence based on their submissions. 
The questionnaire looked at certain key 
themes and considerations related to the 
performance of the Boards and how to set 
them up for success post-separation, with 
the key findings explained on page 98. 
This year, as well as running an externally led 
Board Performance Review we also 
completed an enhanced Board capability 
review (the Capability Review). This review 
looked closely at our current Directors’ skills, 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 85
\n[PAGE 86]\ncompetencies and experience, and mapped 
them against the Boards’ strategic objectives 
and activities. The Capability Review helped 
us identify our strengths and some skill gaps 
and we’re using the findings to shape our 
Board’s future size and structure so it aligns 
with our strategic goals as a Group.
We continually assess Board Directors’ 
learning and development needs through our 
Board performance and training plan review 
cycles. Board members can get advice from 
our Company Secretaries, the Chair of the 
Boards, and the SID whenever they need it. 
They can also request external legal advice to 
help them make key decisions.
We take a forward-looking approach to Board 
and senior management makeup and 
succession planning, something that 
continues to be an ongoing focus for the 
Group NomCo (see more on page 89).
Principle 3
The Board and individual Directors 
should have a clear understanding of 
their accountability and 
responsibilities. The Board’s policies 
and procedures should support 
effective decision-making and 
independent challenge.
Our Boards and their committee members 
continue to act in line with the responsibilities 
set out in their matters reserved and terms of 
reference. As a bank, some of our Directors 
also have additional responsibilities under the 
Senior Manager & Certification Regime, the 
role profiles and statements of 
responsibilities of senior managers outline 
their responsibilities. Our board members go 
through a tailored induction plan when they 
join to help them get a full understanding of 
their accountabilities as a board member. 
We designed each induction plan 
collaboratively with input from the Chair of 
the Boards, the Group Company Secretary, 
and the incoming director. We actively 
monitor progress to make sure the plans get 
completed in good time. To support effective 
decision-making, we maintain a set of Board 
policies and procedures that help inform how 
we do things. This includes things like how 
we manage conflicts of interest (set out in our 
Board Conflicts of Interest Policy) – an area 
that’s becoming increasingly important as we 
evolve our Group structure.
More broadly, we operate in the context of 
our Group Governance Framework which we 
talk more about on page 76. The Board uses a 
formal schedule of matters reserved for its 
attention, detailing matters that are 
considered of significance to Monzo because 
of their strategic, financial or reputational 
importance or consequences. The Board and 
its Committees have a forward-looking 
programme of agenda items scheduled for 
discussion throughout the year so that the 
most important items are given enough time 
to talk through properly and at the 
appropriate time. We use standard paper 
templates so that Directors get high quality, 
clear and timely information to support their 
oversight, discussions, challenge and 
decision making. Together, these documents 
help to keep everyone up to date in an 
efficient and timely way. An extensive system 
and control framework supports the 
information that flows up to the Board. The 
GAC oversees financial controls, and the 
GBRC oversees enterprise risk controls.
Principle 4
A board should promote the long-
term sustainable success of the 
company by identifying 
opportunities to create and preserve 
value, and establishing oversight for 
the identification and mitigation of 
risks. 
Our Board and executive team set our 
strategy in the context of our enterprise risk 
profile and risk appetite. We have clear 
processes for setting our strategy and the 
goals that’ll help us achieve it. This included a 
Board Strategy Offsite. The Board and GBRC 
oversee all of our key risks (both financial and 
non-financial), as defined in our risk 
taxonomy. They approve our Group 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework and 
make sure it stays effective each year.
We factor risk into our decision-making 
processes and when we assess strategic 
opportunities. That’s why we run a robust risk 
assessment for material product launches or 
changes, then share it with the GBRC and 
Boards for review and approval. It’s also why 
the GBRC reviews a summary of our product 
approvals each year to make sure they align 
with our strategic objectives.
Each year we complete a horizon scanning 
exercise to identify future risks and 
opportunities. Lots of teams contribute to the 
exercise, including the executive team and 
the Board, we then share the findings with the 
GBRC and factor them into future planning, 
training and workshops.
At a business level, we have a three lines of 
defence model which you can find out more 
about on page 60 along with our principal 
risks and our overall approach to risk 
management.
Principle 5
A board should promote executive 
remuneration structures aligned to 
the long-term sustainable success 
of a company, taking into account 
pay and conditions elsewhere in the 
company. 
We continue to check that our approach to 
pay aligns with our culture of fairness and 
transparency. During FY2026, we offered 
Monzonauts share options (the option to buy 
Monzo shares at a future date), aligning pay 
and reward with long-term business 
performance. We also have pay and reward 
policies that help us attract and keep high 
quality, diverse people. To make sure we 
continue to attract and develop the best 
people, we’re currently reviewing our overall 
talent strategy. 
As a bank, our pay and reward structures 
need to meet regulatory requirements, 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 86
\n[PAGE 87]\nespecially for our executive team. We reflect 
this in our policies and practices. To make 
sure our pay and reward structures don’t 
encourage risk-taking that exceeds our risk 
appetite, we provide most variable pay as 
deferred share options to align employee 
interests with our long-term viability. The 
Remuneration Committee also reviews a bi-
annual Company-Wide Risk Performance 
assessment from the Chief Risk Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer to check variable 
awards are only granted when risk has been 
managed appropriately.
Our Group RemCo oversees lots of things 
relating to pay, reward and culture across the 
Monzo Group. For example, the Group 
RemCo reviews our people and pay policy 
every year to make sure it stays simple, clear 
and effective at linking reward to our future, 
sustainable success. This year, the 
Committee dedicated a lot of time to 
overseeing the new Monzonaut Incentive 
Scheme (MIS), representing a significant 
change to our remuneration arrangements. 
This scheme changes our compensation 
framework to be directly linked to 
performance, while also allowing Monzonauts 
to choose between cash and equity awards 
to maximise their impact. We also look at our 
pay data and produce a Gender Pay Gap 
Report each year, which we publish on our 
website. You can find out more about our 
Group RemCo, its responsibilities and what it 
did during the year on page 94.
Principle 6
Directors should foster effective 
stakeholder relationships aligned to 
the company’s purpose. The board 
is responsible for overseeing 
meaningful engagement with 
stakeholders, including the 
workforce, and having regard to 
their views when taking decisions. 
Our Boards always consider our 
stakeholders when making decisions, both 
through direct engagement with investors 
and feedback loops in community channels. 
One of our key stakeholder groups is our 
people and we talk more about our 
approach to our team on page 34. We make 
sure Monzonauts feel heard and have 
processes in place so our people can speak 
about issues openly or anonymously if they 
need to.
Our GAC Chair, Fiona McBain, is our Speaking 
Up Whistleblowing Champion. She’s our 
Board-level advocate for making sure we 
stick to our speaking up policies.
We talk about who our key stakeholders are 
and how the Board considers their interests in 
decisions in our Section 172 statement on 
page 55.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 87
\n[PAGE 88]\nBoard activity
Strategic growth and scaling safely 
were high on the Boards’ agenda.
The Boards met 15 times during the year, as 
well as attending a number of deep dives and 
workshops on topics like artificial 
intelligence, future state planning, conflicts 
of interest management, and financial risk. 
When setting the agenda, the Chair and 
Group CEO work with the Company 
Secretaries to make sure that the right topics 
get the right amount of time at each meeting. 
The Boards approved the forward looking 
agenda for FY2026 in March 2025. In this 
calendar, we map out the items that’ll come 
to the Board during the course of the 
upcoming year. It helps keep us on track and 
makes sure we’re balancing strategic, 
performance, regulatory, and operational 
issues throughout the year. 
We’ve highlighted the Boards’ key activities, 
focuses and decisions in the table. Some of 
those decisions were ‘principal decisions’, 
which means that they potentially had a 
material impact on one or more of our main 
stakeholder groups. We’ve also pointed out if 
any of these decisions were specific to the 
MBHG or MBL Board. Even though we have a 
mirror structure, some topics are only 
relevant to a specific entity. Our papers and 
Chair point out when this is the case so Board 
members can make sure they’re managing 
conflicts and meeting their legal 
responsibilities to the relevant company.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 88

\n[PAGE 89]\nGroup Board Committee activity 
The Board is supported by the 
activities of its Committees, which 
makes sure that specific topics get 
the right level of attention and 
consideration. 
Each Committee also works in collaboration 
with other Board Committees to oversee, 
support and determine specific topics. 
Our Group Board Committees consider topics 
on behalf of the Monzo Group and 
subsidiaries within the Monzo Group. 
From an operating standpoint, only 
Committee members are entitled to attend 
meetings. But, the Group Committee Chairs 
may invite others to attend as they need. 
Group Nomination and 
Governance Committee 
(Group NomCo)
As Chair of the Group NomCo, I’m pleased to 
present the Group NomCo report for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2026.
The Committee played a critical role this year 
and continues to promote the long-term 
sustainable success of the Group. We make 
sure Boards and executive leadership teams 
have the right combination of skills and 
experience to deliver our objectives and 
strategies.
We made several changes to the Board and 
executive management during the year. The 
Committee played a key role in overseeing, 
reviewing and recommending Board 
appointments, organisational design changes, 
and Board and committee composition 
changes to the Board for approval. We also 
made sure our Boards and leadership team 
have the skills and capabilities to meet the 
needs of our customers and other 
stakeholders.
The Committee makes sure the Group’s 
succession planning at Board and executive 
management level is robust and diverse 
enough to serve the best interests of our 
shareholders, customers and key 
stakeholders.
Committee purpose 
and membership
The Committee reviews the size and 
composition of the Board and its Committees, 
and looks at when we need to refresh 
membership. This keeps the right balance 
of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity 
in its broadest sense. The Committee knows 
we need to attract Board members from 
diverse backgrounds who bring a wealth of 
knowledge, understanding and experience 
of our stakeholders’ needs. The Committee 
also oversees and gives advice on executive 
management level appointments for 
the Group.
The Committee strongly believes that 
diversity and an inclusive culture lead to 
business success. We’re committed to having 
a diverse and inclusive leadership team that 
provides a range of perspectives, insights and 
critical constructive challenge needed to 
support good decision making, help with risk 
management and strategic planning.
The Committee includes the Chair of the 
Board of Directors (who chairs the Committee 
except when we consider his own succession), 
3 INEDs, including the SID, and 1 Investor 
Director.
You can find details of the skills and 
experience of the Committee members in 
their biographies on pages 70 to 74. Regular 
attendees of the Committee include the 
Group Chief Executive Officer, Group Chief 
People Officer, and the Group Company 
Secretary.
Committee meetings
The Committee held 6 scheduled meetings 
during the year. You can find details of 
attendance at Committee meetings on 
page 83.
Board composition, expertise 
and succession planning
To make sure the composition of the 
Board stays aligned to the Group strategy, 
the Committee monitors the size and 
composition of the Boards and their 
committees. We review memberships to 
strike an appropriate balance of skills, 
knowledge, experience and diversity. The 
Committee recognises the need to attract 
Board members with a diverse range of 
backgrounds who can contribute a wealth of 
knowledge, understanding and experience. 
The Committee considered the individual 
and collective suitability of the Directors of 
the Boards, who each completed a self-
assessment of the depth of skills and 
experience each maintained against certain 
key competences aligned to MBHG and MBL’s 
activities. It concluded that composition of 
both MBHG and MBL Boards were suitable 
for their roles and responsibilities. 
The Committee is responsible for identifying 
and reviewing suitable candidates through a 
formal and transparent process, making sure 
that plans are in place for orderly succession 
to the Board. There have been a number of 
changes to the Board during the year. Diana 
Layfield was appointed as Group Chief 
Executive Officer and Executive Director of 
the MBHG and MBL Board and Delfin Rueda, 
Jambu Palaniappan, Karen Peacock and 
Spencer Lake were appointed as Independent 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 89
\n[PAGE 90]\nNon-Executive Directors. We also appointed 
2 additional Investor Directors to the MBHG 
Board: Vinay Yarlagadda and Anulakshmi 
Hariharan. 
In its search for a new Chief Executive 
Officer, the Committee worked with Korn 
Ferry, which has no connection to Monzo or 
any of its Directors, to search for a successor. 
The Committee set rigorous criteria for the 
role, both in terms of technical capabilities 
and cultural and style attributes. Following an 
in-depth selection process, the Committee 
made a unanimous decision to recommend to 
the Board for approval that we appoint Diana 
Layfield as an Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of MBHG and MBL. 
Korn Ferry also assisted the Committee in its 
search for new INEDs as part of the 
Committee’s succession planning. With Korn 
Ferry, we developed detailed role profiles 
and kicked off a global search for certain 
roles. The Committee reviewed a shortlist of 
candidates. It also considered the current 
Board and Committee composition, the skills 
and experience needed together with a 
review of the long-term succession plans. 
Following a rigorous selection process, the 
Committee recommended the appointments 
of Delfin Rueda, Jambu Palanniapan, Karen 
Peacock and Spencer Lake as a new INEDs. 
It’s confident they’ll make a significant 
contribution to the effectiveness of the 
Board. 
In addition and in light of the MBHG and MBL 
Board separation strategies, the Group 
NomCo considered the appointment of a new 
INED to the MBL Board, who was 
subsequently approved by the MBL Board, 
subject to regulatory approval. It is expected 
that this individual will assume the MBL Board 
Chair position in H1 FY2027, in succession of 
Gary Hoffman. 
Appointments are always based on merit 
and relevant experience. The Committee 
continues to challenge the external search 
consultants and internal recruiters where 
necessary to make sure that diversity is 
always considered when drawing up 
candidate shortlists. 
Board effectiveness and 
performance
Effectiveness of the Board is about many 
aspects of Board governance, including: 
matters reserved for the Board and 
delegation of authority, review of the Board 
and Committee performance, Board and 
Committee composition and succession 
planning, review of skills and expertise, 
independence, time commitments, and 
conflicts of interest. The Committee does 
detailed reviews of each of these aspects at 
least annually. The Committee oversees the 
Board performance effectiveness review 
process. The Committee discussed the 
proposed approach to the FY2026 external 
Board performance review considering the 
key themes and focus of the review and will 
monitor how the recommended outputs are 
being delivered. 
Senior management talent 
planning
The Board knows we need to create 
conditions that encourage all colleagues to 
achieve their full career potential. During the 
year, the Board placed greater emphasis on 
talent management and diversity, and making 
sure we have the right future capabilities and 
skills in place. The aim is to have a diverse set 
of leaders on both the MBHG and MBL 
Executive Committees with the right skills to 
deliver our business strategy.
The Committee believes strongly that an 
inclusive culture promotes business success. 
We’re committed to having leadership teams 
that provide a range of perspectives, insights 
and critical challenge needed to support 
good decision-making, help with risk 
management, strategic planning and delivery.
Non-Executive Directors
The INEDs provide a strong independent 
element to the Board and a solid foundation 
for good corporate governance. They fulfil 
the vital role of corporate accountability by 
providing independent and constructive 
challenge to executive management.
The Committee formally reviews the 
independence of each INED, other than the 
investor Directors, at least annually. In 
assessing each Director’s independence, the 
Committee found that each provides 
objective challenge, strategic guidance, 
holds management to account and is willing 
to stand up and defend their own beliefs. We 
found that each INED continues to be 
independent in character and judgement.
Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) strategy 
and objectives
We base all appointments to the Board on 
merit and objective criteria, and keep the 
benefit of a diverse Board front of mind. This 
approach benefits the effectiveness of the 
Board by creating diversity of thought and 
breadth of perspective among our Directors. 
You can find the Board’s Diversity Statement 
in the Board Diversity Policy.
The Committee got updates on the talent 
pipeline and our D&I progress to make sure 
we keep building strong, diverse leadership.
You can find more information on the D&I 
strategy, measures and progress we’ve made 
on page 37.
You can find diversity data relating to the 
Board and executive management on page 37.
Director induction
All new Directors get a comprehensive 
induction programme which helps them 
understand the business and is tailored to 
their individual needs. The Chair and the 
Group Company Secretary deliver the 
programme, which are tailored to each 
individual director’s background and skill set. 
This is supported by introductory meetings 
with each member of the Board and 
Executive Committee, the Group Company 
Secretary, and key senior managers across 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 90
\n[PAGE 91]\nthe Group. Directors joining the Nomination 
and Governance, Audit, Remuneration and 
Risk Committees also spend extra time with 
the Committee Chairs, key advisors and the 
relevant senior management covering key 
issues relating to the Committee’s focus.
Directors tell us that the programme gives 
them great insight into the business 
operations, governance and controls, with an 
opportunity to meet colleagues in the 
business.
You can find more information on the 
performance review from page 85.
Group Board Risk 
Committee 
As Chair of the GBRC, I’m pleased to present 
the GBRC report for the financial year ended 
31 March 2026.
The Group continues to operate in a dynamic 
and demanding environment, shaped by 
ongoing macro-economic uncertainty, 
evolving customer needs and expectations, 
rapid technological advancement and a 
complex regulatory landscape. Against 
this backdrop, the Committee gives robust 
oversight of the Group’s risk profile, 
making sure risk management is effective, 
proportionate, and aligned with our mission.
During the year, the Committee monitored 
the most material current and emerging risks 
facing the Group. Our rapid growth shaped 
this activity and included the Group’s first 
acquisition. The GBRC supported the 
transaction with  Habito, welcoming due 
diligence reports from management ahead of 
the acquisition and continued to review 
updates on the progress with integration 
afterwards.
In addition to overseeing new partnerships, 
products and jurisdictions, the Committee 
continued to review progress of 
management’s plans to strengthen 
operational resilience and continue to deliver 
good customer outcomes as we grow. Its 
work spanned a wide range of activity, from 
giving feedback on recovery and resolution 
scenarios to overseeing the thoughtful use of 
AI in financial crime detection. 
Across this work, the Committee stayed 
focused on supporting the bank to be 
resilient, responsible and future-ready by 
design.
For more detail on our Principal Risks and 
how we manage them, see the Risk section 
on page 60.
Committee purpose
The purpose of the Committee is to support 
the Board by overseeing and challenging risk 
management, internal control and related 
governance matters across the Group.
A key responsibility of the Committee is 
monitoring the Group’s current and emerging 
risk exposures. The Committee also 
considers issues which could present risks to 
the Group’s strategy, as well as horizon 
scanning activity for issues which may turn 
into future risk events.
Across all principal risks, the Committee 
oversees the effectiveness of our internal 
controls designed to manage and mitigate 
risk, and challenges management on its work 
to further enhance the control environment.
Committee governance
We review the Committee’s performance 
annually. This includes assessing the 
Committee’s activities to confirm they align 
with its existing terms of reference. We also 
separately considered fraud to make sure 
metrics were working as intended and 
providing the right information to support 
effective oversight and monitoring. As well as 
that, the Compliance Report presented at 
each meeting highlighted opportunities 
coming from regulatory change, supporting 
more forward-looking oversight.
The FY2026 performance review found that 
Committee members were satisfied with the 
performance and effectiveness of the 
Committee during the year.
During the financial year, the Committee held 
6 scheduled meetings, 4 ad hoc meetings, 
and a number of deep-dive workshops.
Membership of the Committee includes 5 
INEDs. You can find the attendance record of 
Committee members on page 83.
In addition to Committee members, regular 
attendees included the Chair of the Board, 
the Group Chief Executive Officer, the Group 
Chief Financial Officer, the MBL Chief 
Financial Officer, the Group Chief Risk 
Officer, the Chief Technology Officer, the 
Chief Internal Auditor and a representative of 
the external auditors, EY. We invited subject 
matter experts to attend meetings as needed.
Committee members held private meetings 
with the Group Chief Risk Officer, Group 
Chief Financial Officer, MBL Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Internal Auditor 
respectively, without other members of 
management there.
The Committee held 1 joint meeting with the 
GAC to consider things of common interest, 
including considering the effectiveness of our 
material internal controls.
Meeting frequency and standing attendance 
was part of the Committee’s effectiveness 
assessment and we’ll keep it under review as 
the Group structure evolves.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 91
\n[PAGE 92]\nRisk appetite and 
strategy oversight
• The Board considers whether the Group’s strategic plan is appropriate 
in the context of its risk appetite. At the start of the financial year, the 
Committee recommended the Group’s risk appetite statements and 
supporting metrics to the Board and monitored performance against 
them throughout the year, including reviewing material risks.
• During the year, the GBRC approved adjustments to Board risk 
appetite metrics and asked for additional reporting on specific metrics 
following policy changes, including detailing the adequacy of data 
protection policies, procedures and governance arrangements to 
mitigate data protection risks and comply with data protection 
legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation.
Enterprise risk 
management
• A comprehensive enterprise risk report supports our Enterprise Risk 
Management. The Group Chief Risk Officer presents this to the 
Committee at each meeting. The report provides a clear view of the 
Group’s overall risk profile which is considered by the Committee, 
combining insight into our principal and emerging risks with trends in 
incidents and performance against the Board’s risk appetite. It also 
includes detailed analysis across core risk categories, supporting 
discussion with management on the impact of specific risks on the 
overall enterprise risk profile, alongside progress on remediation and 
return-to-green plans where required. Horizon scanning for emerging 
risks is part of the Committee’s oversight, with an annual report used 
to work out whether we need strategic deep dives.
Operational 
resilience
• Operational resilience featured prominently in the Committee’s 
discussions during the year. The Committee reviewed the Group’s 
annual operational resilience self-assessment, including 
management’s assessment of important business services, impact 
tolerances and the Group’s ability to remain within those tolerances 
under severe but plausible stress. This was central to the Group’s 
prudential risk management during the year. The Committee reviewed 
and challenged management’s plans, assumptions and key 
judgements, with particular focus on the sensitivity of outcomes, the 
quantification and deliverability of management actions, and 
alignment with the Group’s budget and capital planning.
• The Committee also considered updates on incident preparedness 
and resilience testing, and how insights from technology, cyber and 
third-party risk discussions informed the Group’s approach to 
maintaining continuity of service for customers.
Summary of GBRC activities FY2026
Technology, cyber 
security and 
information risk
• Cyber and technology risk formed a core part of the Committee’s 
oversight during the year. We included technology considerations 
across a wide range of risk discussions, alongside a number of 
targeted deep dives, including on the use of Artificial Intelligence. To 
strengthen oversight, the Chief Technology Officer became a regular 
attendee at Committee meetings.
• The Committee also reviewed management updates on our 
preparedness to respond to a cyber attack, including scenario testing, 
and oversaw the Cyber Resilience Testing (CBEST) review.
• Reflecting the rapidly evolving nature of cyber and technology risk, 
the Committee asked for timely updates on the external threat 
environment to inform its ongoing oversight. Together, this approach 
supported effective challenge while making sure we considered cyber 
and technology risks holistically across the wider enterprise risk 
framework.
Data protection • The Committee received the annual Data Protection Officer’s report, 
detailing the adequacy of data protection policies, procedures and 
governance arrangements to mitigate data protection risks and 
comply with data protection legislation, including the General Data 
Protection Regulation.
Third parties and 
outsourcing
• We continued to monitor risk exposure coming from the Group’s 
third-party supply chain during the year, supported by regular 
updates on how we manage these risks. As part of its annual cycle, 
the Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the 
Outsourcing and Third-Party Risk Management Policy.
• Building on this, discussion during the year extended to our wider 
supplier ecosystem, including fourth-party dependencies, the 
supplier tiering framework, and the approach to procurement-led 
supplier management, supporting clearer visibility of risk across the 
supply chain as we continue to scale.
• The Committee also received updates on broader operational 
resilience issues, including the Group’s preparedness to respond to a 
large-scale operational resilience incident and provide continuous 
service for customers.
Remuneration • Considering and recommending any remuneration-related risk 
adjustments to the Group Remuneration Committee.
Summary of GBRC activities FY2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 92
\n[PAGE 93]\nPrudential risk • Keeping enough capital and liquidity to support the Group’s strategy, 
meet regulatory expectations and remain resilient under stress stayed 
central to the Group’s prudential risk management during the year. 
The Committee reviewed and challenged management’s plans, 
assumptions and key judgements, with particular focus on the 
sensitivity of outcomes, the quantification and deliverability of 
management actions, and alignment with the Group’s budget and 
capital planning.
• As part of its annual cycle, the Committee considered the Group’s 
core prudential submissions to the Bank of England and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority, including the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ICAAP) and Internal Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ILAAP), alongside recovery and resolvability 
planning and related stress testing. This included challenging the 
scenarios and assumptions used in recovery planning and fire drill 
exercises to make sure they were credible, appropriately severe and 
supported effective decision-making across a range of stress 
outcomes.
Summary of GBRC activities FY2026
Consumer Duty • The Committee received regular reports on how we’re putting the 
FCA’s Consumer Duty requirements into practice across the business. 
The Committee received and recommended to the Board its Annual 
Consumer Duty Board Report for MBL.
• The Committee included consideration of Consumer Duty throughout 
its wider discussions, including those on operations and strategically 
significant new product launches. The Committee championed our 
approach to customer service, making sure we treat customers fairly 
throughout the lifecycle of our products, by offering products and 
services that meet their needs and expectations. The Consumer Duty 
continues to be at the heart of everything we do, as we design 
products and services to deliver good customer outcomes. In 
continuing to enhance a consumer-driven focus, we have been 
particularly pleased with regulatory feedback around how we deliver 
Customer Understanding in the Credit Card Market. We’re also 
applying key learnings from our implementation of the Consumer 
Duty as we build local conduct regimes in our expansion markets, 
such as the Consumer Protection Code in Ireland.
• The Committee will continue to receive and monitor reports on 
customer outcomes.
Financial crime 
and fraud-related 
risks
• As financial crime continues to evolve in scale and sophistication 
across the sector, strong oversight and controls are central to 
protecting customers and the business.The Committee approved the 
annual Money Laundering Reporting Officer’s Report and received 
quarterly updates on financial crime and fraud. These updates 
supported discussion and challenge on both the financial impact of 
financial crime and its effect on customer outcomes.
Assurance plan • The Committee monitored the annual Combined Assurance Plan 
through quarterly assurance updates from the Chief Risk Officer, 
making sure we appropriately track reviews by the second line of 
defence. As well as that, all material reporting to the Committee came 
with a second line of defence opinion, with a representative joining 
the presentation to strengthen oversight.
• The Committee’s confident that the division of duties between the 
first, second and third lines of defence is robust, making sure 
operational decisions get timely and sufficient challenge.
Summary of GBRC activities FY2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 93
\n[PAGE 94]\nGroup Remuneration 
Committee 
As Chair of the Committee, I’m pleased to 
share the Committee’s report for the year 
ended 31 March 2026. 
Committee purpose 
and membership
The Committee works on behalf of the 
Board to decide the remuneration strategy. 
The strategy covers the broad policy for 
remuneration and the specific remuneration 
packages for the Chair, members of the 
Executive Committee and Material Risk Takers 
(MRTs), other employees who fall within the 
scope of the PRA/FCA Remuneration Codes, 
and any other Group employees that the 
Committee specifies from time to time. 
The Committee also oversees and gives 
advice to the Board on whether the 
remuneration policy and pay practices for 
the workforce across the Group are 
appropriate and relevant. 
All members of the Committee are INEDs. 
Regular attendees include the Group Chief 
Executive Officer, Chief People Officer and 
VP of Reward. No one is present when we 
discuss their own remuneration. The Chair of 
the Committee reports to the Board on the 
matters we consider at each meeting and 
attends annual meetings with the PRA.
Committee meetings
The Committee held 7 scheduled meetings 
during the year; you can find the attendance 
record of Committee members, including 
their attendance at additional ad hoc 
meetings and workshops, on page 83 of the 
Governance report.
The Committee works with the GBRC and 
GAC on risk-related matters.
Committee performance, skills 
and expertise
We reviewed the Committee’s performance 
and activities for FY2026. This review 
confirmed that the terms of reference 
continue to align with the Committee’s 
remit and purpose, and reflect all applicable 
governance codes, guidelines, legislation 
and best practice.
During the year, the Committee undertook a 
broad range of activities across remuneration 
policy, governance, performance and reward. 
This supported the Boards in overseeing fair, 
compliant and effective remuneration 
arrangements aligned with the Group’s 
strategy and risk profile. We’ve summarised 
the Committee’s activity for the year in the 
following table. 
Remuneration policies and reporting 
• Reviewed and recommended the Remuneration Policy and Malus & Clawback Policy to the 
Boards for approval.
• Reviewed and approved the FY2026 Remuneration Policy Statement.
• Reviewed the internal audit report on remuneration regulation compliance.
• Reviewed our 2025 Gender Pay Gap Report.
• Reviewed the remuneration section of our FY2025 Annual Report and Accounts, Pillar 3.
• Reviewed all Disclosures and Website Disclosures, and recommended the MBL Board 
approve them.
Material risk takers (MRTs)
• Reviewed and approved the MRT list for FY2026.
• Reviewed and approved pay packages for new MRTs (including prospective MBEU MRTs) 
and any pay changes for MRTs, including salary changes or option grants.
• Noted a Remuneration Adjustment Trigger Event Report, with no further action taken.
People, pay and performance
• Reviewed and approved the MBHG and MBL Chairs’ fees.
• Reviewed and approved changes to the Group’s remuneration framework, including a more 
performance-linked approach to variable pay. 
• Reviewed and approved FY2026 pay review recommendations, particularly for MRTs and 
Executives.
• Reviewed and, where appropriate, approved salary band and option framework changes.
• Reviewed and approved our employee value proposition and reward strategy.
• Reviewed people management information.
Options
• Reviewed company and personal performance before approving option grants and vestings 
for MRTs.
• Reviewed the option pool.
Benefits and pensions
• Reviewed and approved benefit improvements, including establishing benefits in EU 
countries to support employees and ensure our offering is competitive in those markets.
Summary of Group Remuneration Committee activities FY2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 94
\n[PAGE 95]\nGroup Audit Committee 
(GAC)
As Chair of the GAC, I’m pleased to report on 
its work and its key areas of focus during the 
financial year ending 31 March 2026. The 
Committee has continued to play a key role in 
challenging and monitoring, on behalf of the 
Board, the integrity of the Group’s external 
reporting and overseeing the supporting 
internal controls. The Committee reviewed 
and scrutinised the Group’s annual report and 
financial statements, including a thorough 
review of the significant management and 
reporting judgements made, alongside the 
accounting policies adopted. 
An important part of the Committee’s role is 
to oversee and review our internal financial 
controls and internal control systems, making 
sure that they operate effectively. This year, 
the Committee supported the development 
of a comprehensive programme designed to 
confirm our material controls, including all 
key risk areas. It actively engaged with 
management, reviewing and challenging their 
selection of material controls and considering 
how to assess their effectiveness. The 
Committee also looked at how the Group 
gets assurance to prove these material 
controls work effectively.
As well as that, the Committee oversaw the 
work the Internal Audit function did and has 
critically examined the fieldwork taken on as 
part of Group’s annual audit plan when 
assessing the effectiveness of its control 
environment. The Committee oversees our 
Internal Audit function too, and monitors and 
assesses its effectiveness, performance, 
resourcing and independence.
The Committee also oversaw the work that 
the Group’s external auditors Ernst & Young 
(EY) did, which included a review of EY’s 
effectiveness, independence and objectivity. 
This took into consideration all applicable UK 
professional and regulatory requirements. 
During the year, the Committee 
recommended that the Boards extend the 
tenure of EY’s audit engagement partner, 
Rhys Taylor, beyond 5 years to 28 
September 2027. We did this to protect audit 
quality during a period of significant change.
As Chair of the GAC, I meet with EY’s head of 
audit quality on an annual basis. 
Committee purpose 
and membership 
The Committee oversees and advises the 
Boards on the issues listed in its terms of 
reference. It includes at least 3 INEDs who are 
experienced in business, finance, auditing 
and risk and controls from the financial 
services sector.
You can see who attended Committee 
meetings on page 83. The following people 
regularly attended: the Chair, Group Chief 
Executive Officer, Chief Internal Auditor 
(interim and permanent), Group and MBL 
Chief Financial Officers, Group Chief Risk 
Officer and representatives from EY. We 
invited subject matter experts to present at 
meetings as needed. The Committee Chair 
reported to the Boards on matters we 
considered at each meeting.
During the year, the Committee met privately 
with the Group Chief Financial Officer, Chief 
Internal Auditor (Interim and permanent), the 
Group Chief Risk Officer and the external 
auditor, EY, without management present.
The Committee Chair met regularly with the 
Group and MBL Chief Financial Officers, the 
Chief Internal Auditor (interim and 
permanent), the Whistleblowing Officer and 
EY, and attended meetings with the PRA.
Committee meetings 
The Committee held 6 scheduled meetings 
during the year and 3 ad hoc meetings, 
including 1 joint meeting with the Board Risk 
Committee to consider matters of common 
interest.
On an annual basis, we review the 
performance of the Committee and its 
activities, which are mapped against its terms 
of reference. The purpose is to confirm that 
the terms of reference align with the 
Committee’s remit and activity, and continue 
to reflect all applicable governance codes, 
guidelines, legislation and best practice. 
The 2026 Board performance review 
indicated that Committee members were 
satisfied with the performance and 
effectiveness of the Committee. 
We regularly review each Committee 
member’s qualifications and experience 
as part of succession planning. The Board 
is satisfied that the Committee has recent 
and relevant financial experience and 
accounting skills, and understands the sector 
we operate in.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 95
\n[PAGE 96]\nFinancial reporting and non-financial 
reporting 
• The Committee monitors the integrity of the Group’s financial statements and reviews significant financial reporting judgements and all formal 
announcements about financial performance. After careful review, the Committee confirmed that the 2025 annual report and financial 
statements were fair, balanced and understandable, reflecting the Group’s position, performance, business model and strategy. It 
recommended them to the Board for approval.
• The Committee also oversaw that we have appropriate internal controls protecting our financial reporting systems. These controls give us 
assurance over how we prepare these documents, and individuals with the right knowledge and experience verify all financial information 
before we include it in the financial statements.
• We test key internal controls regularly and report the results to the Committee.
• Beyond this, the Committee oversaw how management produces incremental regulatory reporting matters, like enhanced Pillar III disclosures 
and preparation for Basel III requirements. It also monitored how we’re implementing new financial systems like SAP and Axxiom.
Significant financial reporting matters and 
accounting judgements considered by the 
Committee during the year
• When we prepare financial statements, we need to make estimates and judgements about outcomes that typically depend on future events. 
Because these estimates and judgements are inherently uncertain, actual results may differ from what we assume. The Committee actively 
debated and challenged the significant financial reporting matters and main areas of judgement we included in the year-end financial reports.
• The Committee also reviewed the Group’s accounting policies and processes, confirming they were appropriate for use in the financial 
statements.
• The Committee noted that no new accounting standards or changes to standards came into effect during the reporting period that significantly 
impacted the Group.
Control environment • The Committee continued to monitor how effective our internal control environment is overall, including overseeing the continuing work that 
management undertakes to strengthen and enhance its control framework. It considered the Internal Audit function’s annual findings about how 
effective the control environment is and acknowledged the work that management has done to continue strengthening and enhancing the 
Group’s overarching control environment.
• The Committee also reviewed management’s reporting on the effectiveness of our specific financial control framework. The Committee is also 
aware of the requirements under the updated Provision 29 of the UK Corporate Governance Code effective FY2027 and have an ongoing 
dedicated programme to respond to the requirements with regular updates to the Committee.
Summary of GAC activities FY2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 96
\n[PAGE 97]\nWhistleblowing • The Group has arrangements in place so employees, contractors and temporary workers can raise concerns about possible misconduct, 
wrongdoing and unacceptable behaviour towards others by its employees and third parties, including concerns about non-financial matters. 
The Boards recognise that having effective and trusted confidential whistleblowing arrangements is key to supporting an open and honest 
culture.
• All employees, contractors and temporary workers of the Group can raise concerns confidentially or anonymously (if they prefer) through 
various channels that aim to make reporting concerns easier. They also receive annual training on our whistleblowing policies and procedures.
• The Board has appointed the Chair of the Audit Committee as its Whistleblowing Champion, who oversees the integrity, independence and 
effectiveness of the policies and procedures that relate to whistleblowing. This includes measures to protect whistleblowers from being 
victimised as a result of raising reportable concerns.
• The Audit Committee receives a Whistleblowing Report every 2 years and reviews how adequate and effective the arrangements are for 
investigating concerns that people raise in a proportionate and independent way, including any required follow-up action. During the 12 months 
to 31 March 2026, people raised a total of 86 concerns within the Monzo Group. We formally investigated 13 of these as whistleblowing cases 
and managed the remainder using other internal channels.
• The Committee considered updates to the Speak Up Policy and recommended them to the Boards for their approval at their meetings of 30 
October 2025 and 28 January 2026.
Internal Audit • Internal Audit provides independent, objective assurance over how well our governance, risk management and internal control environment 
work, using a risk-based audit plan that the Audit Committee approves.
• The Chief Internal Auditor (interim and permanent) reports to the Committee Chair and gives quarterly updates on how the Internal Audit 
function’s work is progressing, including any material concerns and themes they identify. The Committee saw an overall improvement in how 
management resolves issues that Internal Audit raises.
• The Committee reviewed how the Internal Audit function is resourced and confirmed that it remains appropriate. After reviewing the function’s 
annual effectiveness report, regular reporting, update meetings with the Chief Internal Auditor and senior stakeholder feedback, the Committee 
concluded it was satisfied with how the Internal Audit function performs, including its independence, impact and effectiveness.
External Audit Tender • The Committee started a tender process for the appointment of our external auditor, which we have to do every 10 years because we’re 
classified as a Public interest Entity. The Committee established an External Auditor Tender Sub-Committee to support it in overseeing the 
tender and subsequent appointment process. The External Audit Tender Sub-Committee met once during the year. 
Summary of GAC activities FY2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 97
\n[PAGE 98]\nExternal Audit (EY’s report can be 
found on page 107)
The Committee oversees the relationship 
with the external auditor, EY. Our policy for 
auditor rotation and audit tender follows 
regulatory, statutory and Financial Reporting 
Council (FRC) requirements, which means we 
must rotate the audit firm after no more than 
20 years and hold an audit tender after no 
more than 10 years, because we’re classified 
as a Public Interest Entity. 
We appointed EY as the Monzo Group 
statutory external auditor on 28 February 
2017. EY confirmed that it complies with 
applicable regulatory and professional 
requirements, and that its objectivity isn’t 
impaired.
FRC Ethical Standards for Auditors require 
that the engagement partner for a UK Public 
Interest Entity must rotate after 5 years 
following initial appointment. We anticipate 
significant change over the next 2 years, 
brought about by a change in Group Chief 
Executive Officer and changes to the Group 
corporate structure and expansion of 
activities into the European Union. Given this, 
the Committee recommended (and the 
Boards approved on 3 December 2025) that 
we extend the appointment of the senior 
statutory auditor to 28 September 2027.
The Committee is satisfied that EY remained 
independent throughout the year.
The Committee received a report on how 
effective EY’s audit of the FY2025 financial 
statements was, based on an assessment of 
how well EY complied with the requirements 
of the FRC Revised Ethical Standard for 
Audits, and responses to a questionnaire we 
sent to representatives of the Board and 
management.
The review findings indicated that the 
external auditor performed its duties in an 
independent and effective manner. The 
Committee also evaluated the FRC’s annual 
report on EY, covering their overall 
performance as an audit firm. The report 
highlighted EY’s commitment to maintaining 
high audit quality while recommending 
certain improvements to EY’s processes. The 
Committee noted the measures that EY has 
undertaken to implement these suggestions 
to further improve audit quality.
The Committee approved both the audit’s 
materiality level and the annual audit plan 
before we started the annual audit process 
and as the audit progressed. Materiality 
determines the threshold that the auditor 
would consider a misstatement to 
compromise the truth or fairness of the 
financial statements. For FY2026, we set 
overall Group materiality at £6 million, which 
was consistent with the previous year.
The Board has created an Auditor 
Independence Policy for setting, reviewing 
and monitoring the non-audit services that 
the external auditor can provide. We review 
these policies annually to safeguard the 
independence and objectivity of the external 
auditors and to comply with the ethical 
standards of the FRC.
Under the Auditor Independence Policy, the 
Audit Committee approves all non-audit 
service engagements after a detailed 
assessment of the nature of the work, 
availability of alternative suppliers, and 
implications for auditor independence.
During the financial year, the Committee 
approved fees for non-audit services in line 
with the Group’s Auditor Independence 
Policy. The Committee must approve any 
non-audit service that the Group’s external 
auditor proposes to provide before the non-
audit service starts.
When the external auditor provides non-audit 
services to the Group and/or its subsidiaries, 
we limit the total fees we incur for such 
services to no more than 70% of the average 
of the fees we paid to the external auditor 
over the last 3 consecutive financial years for 
the audit. The Committee must satisfy itself 
that approving such non-audit services won’t 
exceed any fee caps that may be in 
operation. During the year, the Committee 
reviewed the cumulative value of non-audit 
work quarterly to make sure the Group 
complied with this regulatory requirement.
Fees for audit services can’t be influenced or 
determined by whether we provide non-audit 
or additional services relevant to the 
engagement. The Audit Committee must also 
approve all permitted non-audit services 
engagements. No fees we pay or agree to 
pay to the External Auditor can involve a 
contingent fee or commission.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 98
\n[PAGE 99]\nThe Committee’s key 
considerations when preparing for 
the FY2026 financial statements
During the year and in preparation of 
publishing these financial statements, the 
Committee considered the following things. 
Going concern assessment The Board must consider whether it’s appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.
To satisfy itself that the financial statements should be prepared on a going concern basis, the Board and Committee considered these things.
• Business performance and our profitability.
• Developing economic issues impacting the economy and our customers.
• Potential stress scenarios based on our ICAAP impacting customer growth and activity, central bank interest rates and credit losses.
• The regulatory review and investigation into our compliance with financial crime regulation (see Note 27).
• Our future capital requirements, growth plans and recent fundraise.
• Our confidence in those plans to raise additional capital if necessary to meet our regulatory requirements (see our Group Directors’ report). 
Overall the Committee was satisfied that the financial statements could be prepared on a going concern basis and recommended this to 
the Board.
Fair valuing stock based compensation Management updated the Committee on and reviewed the key inputs used to calculate share-based payment expenses, including the impact 
of and accounting for the secondary share sale in FY2025, along with sensitivity analysis to those inputs. 
IFRS 9 – Effective Interest Rates (EIR) Management updated the Committee on our approach to, and the materiality of, Effective Interest Rate (EIR) on our positions classified at 
amortised cost. Management advised the Committee that our approach to calculating EIR on our lending products was appropriate. 
The Committee was satisfied our approach approximates the EIR method and remains compliant with IFRS 9.
Contracts During the year, management updated the Committee on several material contracts that we assess for cost and revenue recognition over 
several years. 
The Committee was satisfied with the outcome of these assessments and the expected costs and revenues to be recognised in each period.
Key accounting and financial reporting matters
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 99
\n[PAGE 100]\nCredit loss expense and impairment 
loss allowance
During the year, the Committee reviewed and discussed quarterly reports on the IFRS 9 impairment loss allowance position to make sure that 
the level of allowance was adequate based on our current level of credit risk and the economic outlook.
The Committee reviewed the key judgements used to calculate expected credit loss and closely scrutinised sensitivity analysis, including the 
economic scenarios and other key judgements applied. The Committee also assessed the quantum of the post model adjustments and their 
bases. 
Supported by historical data, benchmarking against peers, performance against expectations and an independent evaluation, the Committee 
concluded that the impairment loss allowance of £329.4m for FY2026 is considered adequate for the level of credit risk in the portfolio and the 
likely macroeconomic outturn. 
Provisions and contingent liabilities The Committee reviewed reports on provisions recognised and contingent liabilities disclosed in the financial statements.
The Committee concluded these were adequate at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax Management updated the Committee on whether recognising deferred tax in FY2026 was appropriate.
The Committee was satisfied the basis for recognising a deferred tax asset on 3 years of forecast profits was appropriate.
Areas of significant judgements and estimates
Internal Audit Plan The Committee reviewed the audit plan and its alignment to our key risk areas.
Internal Audit Reports and Actions The Committee also considered the key trends and material findings that came from the internal audit reports and memos, as well as reviewing 
the appropriateness of the actions.
Internal audit matters
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 100
\n[PAGE 101]\nInternal Audit Collective 
Independence
Following on from the previous year, we 
spent FY2026 operating our in-house 
Internal Audit delivery model, led by the 
Chief Internal Audit Officer. We have 14 
internal auditors and continue to be 
supported by co-source partners for 
expert input and capacity.
The Committee is responsible for assessing 
the independence and effectiveness of our 
internal audit function. It does this throughout 
the year during committee meetings, private 
sessions and meetings with the Chief Internal 
Audit Officer.
The Committee also oversees in these ways:
• Being responsible for appointing and 
removing the Chief Internal Audit Officer. 
• Receiving an annual attestation from the 
Chief Internal Audit Officer confirming the 
internal audit’s independence.
• Annually reviewing the performance of the 
Internal Audit Collective.
• Receiving quarterly reporting on the 
performance of the Internal Audit 
Collective.
The Committee concluded that Internal Audit 
was effectively carrying out their 
responsibilities and had maintained their 
independence.
External Auditor Independence
We reappointed EY as our external auditor 
for FY2026 in July 2025. The Committee is 
responsible for monitoring the independence 
and objectivity of our external auditors. 
To safeguard the external auditor’s 
independence and objectivity, the Committee 
continues to adopt an External Auditor 
Independence Policy which sets out how 
we maintain independence and the limited 
circumstances which external auditors may 
provide non-audit services in. The Committee 
reviews the Policy annually to make sure it’s 
fit for purpose and stays compliant with the 
applicable rules and standards.
The Policy includes the following guardrails 
to make sure that EY keeps their 
independence.
• They must meet a set of requirements 
before providing a service as defined in the 
FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard 2019.
• They can only provide audit and audit 
related services.
• We can’t employ or use the services of an 
individual who has a close relationship with 
the external auditor either through 
employment or close family members.
• They must tell the Committee about any 
changes to their independence.
• The audit engagement partner and key 
audit partners must normally rotate every 5 
years.
• In line with the annual requirement, EY 
confirmed that for FY2026 they stayed 
independent, their terms of engagement 
were not compromised, and they complied 
with the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard. 
We also have non-audit services guardrails in 
place to protect our external auditor’s 
independence. Under the External Audit 
Independence Policy, we use the following 
guardrails for non-audit services.
• The Committee must approve all non-audit 
services before external auditors can start 
any work, regardless of whether the service 
provided is a permitted non-audit service.
• There must be a good reason why the 
external auditors are the most appropriate 
third party to provide the permitted non-
audit service. 
• The total fee for non-audit services is 
limited to be no more than 70% of the 
average of the fee paid to the external 
auditor in the last 3 consecutive years for 
the audit.
See Note 35 on page 184 of the financial 
statements for details of the audit and non-
audit services performed by EY. During the 
year, the Committee Chair met regularly with 
the Chief Internal Audit Officer, and the 
external auditor’s engagement partner.
We’re happy with the effectiveness 
of the external audit
The Committee is happy that the external 
audit was carried out as expected and 
continues to be effective. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 101
\n[PAGE 102]\nGroup Directors’ report
The Directors present their report 
and audited financial statements for 
the year ended 31 March 2026 for 
Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited 
(The Company) and the Monzo 
Group (The Group).
MBHG is a private limited company, 
incorporated and domiciled in England and 
Wales, with its registered office in England 
and is authorised by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (PRA) and regulated by 
the PRA and Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA). Monzo’s registration number is 
14785367.
We’ve prepared these financial statements in 
line with UK adopted international accounting 
standards.
Directors 
The Directors who served the company 
during the year and up to the date these 
financial statements were approved are 
below. 
• G Hoffman CBE (Chair)
• Diana Layfield (appointed 1 February 2026)
• TS Anil (stood down as an Executive 
Director on 1 February 2026 and was 
appointed a NED and Vice Chair of MBHG 
on 1 March 2026)
• E Burbidge MBE
• T Oldham
• D Rueda (appointed 4 June 2025)
• V Dias 
• A Kirk
• S Lake (appointed 13 October 2025)
• F McBain
• J Palaniappan (appointed 1 September 
2025)
• K Peacock (appointed 13 October 2025)
• L Runham
• F Wicker-Miurin OBE
• V Yarlagadda (appointed on 26 February 
2026)
• A Hariharan (appointed on 26 February 
2026)
Results and dividends
The consolidated profit for the period 
after taxation was £86.3m (FY2025: profit 
of £94.6m). The Directors are not 
recommending a final dividend 
(FY2025: £nil).
Directors’ liabilities
We’ve indemnified all of the Group’s 
Directors and the Group Company Secretary 
from claims brought against them by third 
parties (subject to section 234 of the 
Companies Act 2006). The indemnity was in 
place during the year. It doesn’t cover claims 
arising from fraud or dishonesty. 
The following information, required by the 
2008 Regulations, is included in the Strategic 
Report.
• A fair and balanced review of the business.
• A description of the principal risks and 
uncertainties facing the business.
• A description of our principal objectives, 
strategy and business model.
• An analysis of developments and 
performance for the financial year and the 
position at the end of the year.
• Trends and factors likely to affect the future 
development, performance and position of 
the business.
• Information on our team and community.
Political donations
We haven’t made any donations or incurred 
any expense to any registered UK political 
party or other EU political organisation.
Branches
We have one Monzo Bank Europe Designated 
Activity Company Branch established in Spain.
Acquisition of own shares 
We haven’t purchased any of our own shares 
(FY2025: £nil).
Events since the balance 
sheet date
We have listed the key event that has 
happened since the balance sheet date 
below (see Note 36 for more details).
• Acquisition of Habito 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 102
\n[PAGE 103]\nFinancial Instruments 
We enter into material financial instruments 
as part of our normal business operations, 
see Notes 19 and 20 for more details. Our 
financial risk management framework can be 
found in the ‘Risk management’ section on 
pages 58–66. Notes 22, 24 and 25 give 
information on how we manage liquidity, 
market and credit risk. 
Research and 
development activities
We invest in the development of our own 
platforms and products, so we’ve applied to 
claim Research and Development (R&D) 
Expenditure Credit from HMRC (the UK’s tax 
authority), see Note 10.
Policy on employing 
people living with 
disabilities
We’re committed to employing and 
supporting colleagues in line with the 
Equality Act 2010 and our People Policy. We 
also want to make sure disabled people can 
fulfil their potential and realise their 
aspirations.
We make reasonable adjustments to support 
all disabled job applicants and colleagues. 
Here are some examples of supportive 
adjustments we’ve made in the past.
• Making changes to shift patterns (like 
phased return to work, flexible working 
hours or part-time working).
• Giving extra training or mentoring.
• Making access alterations to the offices.
• Giving information in accessible formats.
• Adapting equipment or providing specialist 
equipment.
• Any other ad hoc reasonable request, like 
someone with social anxiety disorder being 
g i v e n  t h e i r  o w n  d e s k  i n s t e a d  o f  h o t - d e s k i n g .
This list gives examples of some of the 
adjustments we’ve made, but our Policy aims 
to accommodate all reasonable requests to 
make sure our people feel fully supported 
during their time here.
Our approach to 
transparency and 
colleague engagement
We default to transparency, so colleagues 
have access to any information that’s 
relevant to them. We hold monthly company-
wide meetings where people can share their 
opinions and ask questions of management.
All colleagues have a vested interest in our 
performance through our share option 
schemes. They’re kept up to date with 
business performance through regular 
internal communications and shared 
dashboards highlighting monthly financial 
performance.
Our approach to 
engagement with 
other stakeholders
We’ve included a statement in line with our 
Section 172 requirements under ‘Our 
stakeholders’ in the ‘Section 172 at Monzo’ 
section of the Strategic Report. You can find 
this on page 55.
Our approach to 
the environment
The Companies (Directors’ Reports) and 
Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and 
Carbon) Regulations 2018 (Regulations) 
brought in the UK Government’s Streamlined 
Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) Policy. 
We’ve included our SECR reporting in line 
with the Companies (Directors’ Reports) and 
Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and 
Carbon) Regulations 2018 under the ‘Our 
approach to the environment’ section of the 
Strategic Report (see page 49). 
Mandatory Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (CFD) under the Companies 
(Strategic Report) (Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure) Regulations 2022 (SI 2022/31) 
(CFD Regulations) published on 19 January 
2022 ask us to disclose our ongoing activities 
to reduce our impact on the environment in 
relation to governance, strategy, risk 
management and the metrics and targets that 
we use in our response to climate change. 
You can find this from page 45. 
We’ve prepared these 
statements on a going 
concern basis 
In line with International Accounting 
Standards (IAS 1) Presentation of Financial 
Statements, our Directors have to assess our 
ability to continue as a going concern. 
In performing this assessment, the Directors 
have considered:
the key financial forecasts of the Group, 
which include an assessment of profitability, 
capital and liquidity resources;
the principal risks and uncertainties affecting 
the business and our forecasts; and
the effect of a range of severe but plausible 
downside scenarios on our financial forecasts 
and the resilience of our business.
We’ve assessed our ability to continue as a 
going concern up to 15 May 2027, which is a 
period of 12 months from the date the Board 
approves our financial statements.
Regulatory requirements 
and other considerations
Our assessment included a broad range of 
information and scenarios, with our base case 
demonstrating we have enough capital to 
remain a going concern across the 
assessment period without the need for any 
external financing. Our capital requirements 
have continued to increase in line with our 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 103
\n[PAGE 104]\ngrowing loan book, asset base and 
operational risk RWAs. Management of 
growth is therefore key to ensuring we have 
sufficient capital resources to meet our 
regulatory requirements. This also influences 
the likely end state requirements coming 
from MREL. We’ve also included a prudent 
interpretation of the upcoming Basel 3.1 rules 
in our capital forecasting, which due to its 
relatively limited impact does not pose a 
threat to our going concern assessment.
Our base plan includes sensible debt and 
equity raising assumptions across the 
medium to longer term, which align to our 
ambitions and our latest view of likely end 
state MREL requirements. Debt raising 
assumptions occur well in advance of any 
binding increase in requirements and no 
increase in MREL requirements are 
anticipated across the going concern’s 12 
month assessment period (MREL is expected 
to increase from 1.0× TCR to 1.5× TCR from 
1 January 2031, well outside the going 
concern period). 
We’ve stress tested our business plan, and 
our capital and liquidity positions by applying 
a range of market wide scenarios, which help 
us to assess the impacts of a severe but 
plausible stress scenario and how robust our 
base case plan is to external shocks.
We’ve also assessed the actions 
management can take to preserve capital in 
the event of a stress. While profitability is 
reduced under a stress scenario with these 
actions taken, they sufficiently mitigate the 
stress scenario. Our stress testing shows that 
even under the most severe liquidity 
stresses, we continue to be able to pay 
customers and creditors when we need to. 
Reverse stress testing has also been 
performed, which demonstrates that our risk 
position, risk management and financial 
capacity are sufficiently robust to give us 
confidence that we are not at an 
unacceptable level of probability of failing.
We’re satisfied Monzo will have sufficient 
capital and liquidity resources to continue as 
a growing business, meeting both our 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. 
We’ve noted risks to our business model and 
strategy in the ‘Risk management’ section of 
the Strategic Report.
Based on our assessment, we’ve concluded 
that it’s appropriate to continue preparing our 
financial statements on a going concern 
basis.
Disclosing information 
to the auditor
As far as each person who was a director at 
the date of approving this report is aware, 
there’s no relevant audit information, being 
information needed by the auditor in 
connection with preparing its report, which 
the auditor isn’t aware of. Having spoken to 
other Directors and the Group’s auditor, each 
director has taken all the steps that they’re 
obliged to take as a director to make 
themselves aware of any relevant audit 
information, and to establish that the auditor 
is aware of that information.
Auditor
We’ve reappointed EY in line with section 
487(2) of the Companies Act 2006 unless the 
members or Directors resolve otherwise.
Given the significant amount of change in the 
business expected over the next year, the 
Audit Committee requested a one-year 
extension of the external audit partner at EY, 
Rhys Taylor, in order to safeguard the quality 
of the audit for the year ended 31 March 2027.
Approved by the Board and signed on behalf 
of the Board.
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 104
\n[PAGE 105]\nStatement of Directors’ responsibilities
The directors are responsible for 
preparing the Strategic report, 
Group Directors’ report and the 
financial statements in line with 
applicable United Kingdom (UK) 
law and regulations.
Company law requires the directors to 
prepare financial statements for each 
financial year. Under that law, the directors 
have prepared the Company financial 
statements under FRS 101, Reduced 
Disclosure Framework and the Group 
financial statements under UK adopted 
international accounting standards.
Under Company Law the directors must not 
approve the financial statements unless 
they’re satisfied that they present a true and 
fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows of the Company 
and Group for that period. In preparing those 
financial statements the directors need to do 
the following.
• Select suitable accounting policies in 
accordance with International Accounting 
Standard 8: Accounting Policies, Changes 
in Accounting Estimates and Errors and 
then apply them consistently. 
• Present information, including accounting 
policies, in a manner that provides relevant, 
reliable, comparable and understandable 
information. 
• Provide additional disclosures when 
compliance with the specific requirements 
in UK adopted international accounting 
standards doesn’t allow users to 
understand the impact of particular 
transactions, other events and conditions 
on the financial performance.
• State that we have complied with UK 
adopted international accounting 
standards, subject to any material 
departures and explained in the financial 
statements. 
• Make an assessment of the Group’s and 
Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, and if appropriate, prepare the 
financial statements on a going concern 
basis.
The directors are also responsible for keeping 
adequate accounting records that are 
sufficient to show and explain the Group’s 
transactions. They have to disclose with 
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial 
position of the Group and make sure that the 
financial statements comply with the 
Companies Act 2006.
They’re also responsible for safeguarding the 
assets of the Group and for taking reasonable 
steps to detect and prevent fraud and other 
irregularities.
The Board monitors the effectiveness of risk 
management arrangements, including 
internal control systems, throughout the year 
and considers that, as at 31 March 2026, it 
had in place adequate systems and controls 
for our risk profile and strategy. While risk 
cannot be eliminated, the Board is satisfied 
that the systems of internal control 
embedded within the risk management 
framework have worked effectively during 
the last financial year to identify, monitor, 
manage and control all relevant risks.
Approved by the Board and signed on behalf 
of the Board.
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 105
\n[PAGE 106]\nMonzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 106
Financial 
statements
106
107 Independent auditor’s report to the members 
 of Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited
120 Consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
121 Consolidated statement of financial position
122 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
123 Consolidated statement of cash flows
124 Notes to the financial statements
185 Financial Statements of Monzo Bank Holding
 Group Ltd
196 Glossary
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 107]\nIndependent auditor’s report to the members 
of Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited
Opinion
In our opinion:
• Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited’s Group 
financial statements and Parent company 
financial statements (the “financial 
statements”) give a true and fair view of the 
state of the Group’s and of the Parent 
company’s affairs as at 31 March 2026 and 
of the Group’s profit for the year then 
ended;
• the Group financial statements have been 
properly prepared in accordance with UK 
adopted international accounting 
standards;
• the Parent company financial statements 
have been properly prepared in accordance 
with UK adopted international accounting 
standards as applied in accordance with 
section 408 of the Companies Act 2006; 
and
• the financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
We have audited the financial statements of 
Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited (the 
‘Parent company’) and its subsidiaries (the 
‘Group’) for the year ended 31 March 2026 
which comprise:
Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 
2026
Balance sheet as at 31 March 2026
Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income for the year then ended 31 March 2026
Statement of comprehensive income for 
the year then ended 31 March 2026
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
for the year then ended 31 March 2026
Statement of changes in equity for the 
year then ended 31 March 2026
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the 
year then ended 31 March 2026
Related notes 1 to 7 to the financial 
statements including material accounting 
policy informationRelated notes 1 to 36 to the financial 
statements, including material accounting 
policy information
Group Parent company
The financial reporting framework that has 
been applied in their preparation is applicable 
law and UK adopted international accounting 
standards and, as regards the Parent 
company financial statements, as applied in 
accordance with section 408 of the 
Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (UK) 
(ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group and Parent 
company in accordance with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the financial statements in the UK, including 
the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion.
Conclusions relating 
to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have 
concluded that the directors’ use of the going 
concern basis of accounting in the 
preparation of the financial statements is 
appropriate. Our evaluation of the directors’ 
assessment of the Group and Parent 
company’s ability to continue to adopt the 
going concern basis of accounting included: 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 107
\n[PAGE 108]\nHow we evaluated the 
Directors’ assessment
Risk Assessment Procedures
• Through discussions with management and 
review of supporting evidence, we updated 
our understanding of the Group and Parent 
company’s overall regulatory requirements 
and current and forecast capital and 
liquidity positions including consideration 
of the Group’s international expansion 
plans;
• We reviewed correspondence and made 
inquiries of regulators to understand their 
perspectives on the Group and Parent 
company’s risks and their areas of focus in 
regulating the Group and Parent company;
• We have independently identified factors 
that may indicate events or conditions that 
may cast significant doubt on the Group 
and Parent company’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, including wider qualitative 
considerations such as operational 
resilience and the current macroeconomic 
and market conditions. We designed our 
audit procedures to evaluate the effect of 
these risks on the Group and Parent 
company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern;
• The audit engagement partner, internal 
specialists, and other senior members of 
the audit team directed, performed and 
supervised the audit procedures over going 
concern, including continual risk 
assessment throughout the audit. 
Testing of Management’s Method, 
Assumptions and Stress Testing
• We confirmed our understanding of 
management’s going concern assessment 
process along with the going concern basis 
for the Group and Parent company, and the 
process by which the budget and related 
going concern forecasts and assumptions 
are created and approved. We tested the 
design and operational effectiveness of the 
key controls related to the going concern 
assessment;
• We obtained the forecast approved by the 
Board for the Group and Parent Company, 
covering management’s going concern 
assessment period of twelve-months from 
the date the financial statements are 
authorised for issue; 
• Using our understanding of the business, 
we evaluated the forecasting method 
adopted, including considering plausible 
alternative downside scenarios and 
concluded that the method adopted was 
appropriate;
• We evaluated the relevance and reliability 
of the underlying data used in the going 
concern assessment and tested 
assumptions to third party evidence, where 
appropriate. 
• We evaluated events occurring post the 
balance sheet date, including reviewing 
actual performance versus the forecasted 
plan, in order to assess any impact on the 
going concern assessment. We inquired of 
management as to their knowledge of 
events or conditions beyond the period of 
assessment and assessed for relevant 
announcements from the PRA that we 
considered had the potential to impact the 
Group and Parent company’s capital 
resource and/or requirements;
• We used our internal regulatory specialists 
who evaluated the appropriateness of 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 
debt classification, inspected regulatory 
correspondence, made inquiries in relation 
to anticipated changes in regulatory capital 
requirements to assess the overall impact 
of the capital calculations on the going 
concern assessment and, reconcile the 
Group’s liquidity position to its regulatory 
liquidity reporting returns and challenge the 
assumptions within the Group’s liquidity 
forecasts over the going concern period to 
assess the risk of a liquidity shortfall or 
breach of leverage ratio in the going 
concern period;
• We used our internal valuation specialists to 
challenge the appropriateness of 
management’s forecasts. This included 
assessing historical forecasting accuracy 
and independently applying a series of 
severe but plausible stresses in order to 
understand the impact on capital resources 
and liquidity. These procedures were 
primarily tailored to challenge the 
sufficiency of capital and liquidity during 
the going concern period;
• We evaluated management’s plans for 
future actions, within the control of the 
Group and Parent company, under a 
stressed and reverse-stressed scenario 
over the going concern period to determine 
the feasibility of such actions in the current 
circumstances.
•
Disclosures
We assessed whether the disclosures in the 
Annual Report & Accounts relating to going 
concern sufficiently and appropriately reflect 
the events relating to the uncertainties 
identified in the going concern assessment, 
and management’s plans in response to 
these; to assess that they were in compliance 
with IAS1. 
Our key observations
Our evaluation of the Directors’ going 
concern assessment for the Group and 
Parent company covers the period of twelve-
months from the date the financial 
statements are authorised for issue, 
consistent with the period assessed by the 
Directors. 
Over the assessed going concern period, the 
Group and Parent company have forecast 
that they will maintain headroom above the 
binding regulatory capital requirements using 
base case assumptions, as well as in a 
stressed scenario where the Group and 
Parent company are unable to meet all 
financial targets within the Financial Plan. 
This is consistent with our conclusion, based 
on the procedures we have performed, 
including independent stress testing.  
The Group and Parent company are forecast 
to retain sufficient headroom to their binding 
liquidity requirements over the going concern 
period.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 108
\n[PAGE 109]\nConclusion
Based on the work we have performed, we 
have not identified any material uncertainties 
relating to events or conditions that, 
individually or collectively, may cast 
significant doubt on the Group and Parent 
company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern for a period of twelve months from 
when the financial statements are authorised 
for issue.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of 
the directors with respect to going concern 
are described in the relevant sections of this 
report. However, because not all future 
events or conditions can be predicted, this 
statement is not a guarantee as to the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern.
Overview of our audit approach
Audit scope We performed an audit of the complete financial information of two 
components, audit procedures on specific balances for a further 
three components.
We performed central audit procedures on all Group accounts.
The components where we performed full or specified audit 
procedures accounted for 100% of Profit before tax, 100% of 
Revenue and 100% of Total assets.
Key audit matters IFRS 9 Financial Instruments – Expected credit loss (‘ECL’) provision
Valuation and accounting treatment of Share-based payments 
(‘SBP’)
Improper revenue recognition – Effective interest rate (‘EIR’) income 
recognition
Measurement of Deferred tax asset (‘DTA’)
Materiality Overall Group materiality of £6.0m which represents 5% of profit 
before tax adjusted for non-recurring items.
An overview of the scope 
of the Parent company 
and Group audits
Tailoring the scope
All audit work performed for the purposes of 
the Group audit was undertaken by a single 
audit team based in the UK. We have followed 
a risk-based approach when developing our 
audit approach to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence on which to base 
our audit opinion. We performed risk 
assessment procedures to identify and 
assess risks of material misstatement of the 
Group and Parent Company financial 
statements and identified significant 
accounts and disclosures. When identifying 
the extent to which audit work needed to be 
performed to respond to the identified risks 
of material misstatement of the Group and 
Parent Company financial statements, we 
considered our understanding of the Group 
and its business environment, the potential 
impact of climate change, the applicable 
financial framework, the Group’s system of 
internal control at the entity level, 
applications and relevant internal audit 
results.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 109
\n[PAGE 110]\nThe scoping for the current year is as follows:
Component Scope Key locations
Monzo Bank Holding Group Full United Kingdom
Monzo Bank Ltd Full United Kingdom
Monzo Bank EU Specified procedures Republic of Ireland
Monzo Inc Specified procedures United States
Monzo Support US Inc Specified procedures United States
The table below illustrates the coverage 
obtained from the work performed by our 
audit teams. We considered profit before tax, 
revenue and total assets.
Full scope (1)24
Specified 
procedures (2)25 Total
Profit before tax  100.0%  —%  100.0% 
Revenue  99.0%  1.0%  100.0% 
Total assets  99.0%  1.0%  100.0% 
Involvement with component 
teams 
All audit work performed for the purposes of 
the audit was undertaken by the Group 
audit team.
Climate change
There has been increasing interest from 
stakeholders as to how climate change will 
impact the Group. The Group considers there 
to be low financial risks from the impacts of 
climate change and determined that the most 
significant long-term impact may be from a 
transition to a lower carbon economy. This is 
explained on page 60 of the ‘Our principal 
risks and uncertainties’ section and ‘Our 
approach to the environment’ on page 44, of 
the ‘Our approach to the environment’ 
section, which form part of the ‘Other 
information’ rather than the audited financial 
statements. Our procedures on these 
disclosures therefore consisted solely of 
considering whether they are materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements or 
our knowledge obtained in the course of the 
audit or otherwise appear to be materially 
misstated.
Our audit effort in considering climate 
change was focused on evaluating 
management’s assessment of the impact of 
climate risk, physical and transition, and their 
resulting conclusion that there was limited 
effect on balances for the period covered by 
these financial statements,  as disclosed 
within the basis of preparation note on page 
124. As part of this evaluation, we performed 
our own risk assessment supported by 
internal climate change specialists. We also 
challenged the Directors’ considerations of 
climate change in their assessment of going 
concern and associated disclosures.
Based on our work we have not identified the 
impact of climate change on the financial 
statements to be a key audit matter or to 
impact a key audit matter.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in 
our professional judgement, were of most 
significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the current period and include 
the most significant assessed risks of material 
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) 
that we identified. These matters included 
those which had the greatest effect on: the 
overall audit strategy, the allocation of 
resources in the audit; and directing the 
efforts of the engagement team. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements as a whole, 
and in our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 110
24 Full scope: audit procedures on all significant accounts.
25 Specific scope: audit procedures on selected accounts.
\n[PAGE 111]\nIFRS 9 Financial Instruments – expected 
credit loss (‘ECL’) provision
Expected credit loss provision of £329.4m 
(FY2025: £251.2m)
Refer to the Accounting policies (pages 124); 
and Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements (page 141).
Credit provisions represent management’s 
best estimate of impairment and significant 
judgements and estimates are made in 
determining the timing and measurement of 
expected credit loss (‘ECL’).
The key judgements and estimates in 
respect of the timing and measurement of 
ECL include:
a. The accounting interpretations, modelling 
assumptions and data used in the models 
that calculate ECL;
b. Inputs and assumptions used to estimate 
the impact of the multiple economic 
scenarios (‘MES’) including appropriate 
weightings for the various scenarios;
c. Allocation of assets to Stage 1, 2 or 3 using 
criteria in accordance with IFRS 9; and
d. Completeness and valuation of post 
model adjustments (‘PMAs’), including the 
risk of management override.
Our assessment is that the risk is consistent 
with FY2025.
Controls testing
We evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the ECL process, 
including those over management’s judgements and estimates. These controls, among others, 
covered:
• the staging of assets per management’s criteria and their monitoring of stage effectiveness;
• the model governance including monitoring, model validation and model implementation;
• controls over the completeness and accuracy of data feeding into ECL provision;
• the governance of statistical models used to develop the MES and their associated 
probability weights; and 
• the governance and management review of MES, PMAs, and individual provisions.
We are satisfied that the ECL provisions were 
reasonable and recognised in accordance with 
IFRS 9.
We highlighted the following matters to the 
Group Audit Committee that contributed to our 
overall conclusion:
• Effectiveness of the overall control 
environment.
• Results of our testing of models and model 
assumptions, including the reasonableness of 
the macroeconomic variables used.
• The accuracy of staging, including 
considering management override, and our 
independent sensitivity analysis on the 
staging criteria to assess appropriateness.
• Reasonableness and adequacy of the post-
model adjustments recorded.
• That there is ongoing uncertainty in 
determining forecast losses due to the 
prevailing uncertain economic environment, 
and the availability of historic loss data given 
the current maturity of the lending portfolios.
Accounting interpretations, modelling assumptions and data used in models used to 
calculate ECL
• We involved accounting specialists to assist the audit team in assessing the reasonableness 
and compliance of the Group’s accounting policies with IFRS 9.
• We involved modelling specialists to assist in a risk assessment and testing of a sample of 
material models. This included a review of model design and implementation, review and 
testing of model assumptions, review of model monitoring, sensitivity analysis and 
benchmarking and recalculation of the Probability of Default, Loss Given Default, Exposure at 
Default and final ECL.
• We developed a challenger approach, which included applying our own independent 
assumptions including Probability of Default (‘PD’), Loss Given Default (‘LGD’) and Exposure 
at Default (‘EAD’), to model our own estimate of the ECL provision (including model overlays).
• We tested the data used in the ECL calculation on a sample basis. In order to complete this 
testing, we independently identified key data elements and reconciled a sample of data 
feeding the models to underlying support.
Risk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 111
\n[PAGE 112]\nInputs and assumptions used to estimate the impact of multiple economic scenarios
• We involved our economic and modelling specialists to assist us in evaluating the 
appropriateness of the macroeconomic inputs used by the Group in the determination of 
ECL and compared those inputs to external sources to assess their reasonableness. This 
included the evaluation of the base and alternate economic scenarios (including 
consideration of current matters such as the high cost of living and economic and 
geopolitical uncertainty), and probability weights applied to each of the scenarios adopted 
by the Group.  
Allocation of assets to Stage 1, 2 or 3
• We evaluated the updated criteria used to allocate a financial asset to Stage 1, 2 or 3 with 
the assistance of our accounting specialists. This included peer benchmarking to assess the 
reasonableness of staging allocations. 
• We then recalculated the staging of all products to assess whether they were allocated to the 
appropriate stage and in line with the Group’s set criteria and performed sensitivity analysis to 
assess the appropriateness of different staging criteria on the ECL. 
Post model adjustments including the risk of management overrides
• We tested post model adjustments with the assistance of our modelling specialists. This 
included an assessment of their completeness and appropriateness by considering the 
related judgements, sensitivities, model validation results and governance process. 
Stand-back challenge
• We performed a stand-back analysis to assess whether the IFRS 9 impairment provisions 
recorded by management were reasonable and how this compares to other market 
participants. We considered the nature and type of products offered and performed 
benchmarking across other similar institutions considering staging percentages, provision 
coverage and modelled adjustments and evaluated the overall reasonableness of recovery 
assumptions applied. 
Risk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 112
\n[PAGE 113]\nValuation and accounting treatment of 
share-based payments 
 Share-based payments expense in the 
current year is £59.0m (FY2025: £83.5m)
Refer to the Accounting policies (pages 124); 
and Note 33 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements (page 180)
We identified the risk of management 
override of controls as it relates to the key 
risk areas including:
a. Judgements applied by management in 
the valuation of share-based payments, 
including the method selected and key 
inputs to the model;
b. The complexity of the accounting for 
share-based payments expense and the key 
judgements applied;
c. The manual journal entries recorded for 
share-based payment expense. 
Our assessment is that the risk is consistent 
with FY2025.
In respect of the current year share-based payments expense, including the impact of the 
secondary sale, we have performed the following procedures:
• We have tested the design and operating effectiveness of the controls relating to 
management’s review of the methodology and assumptions used in the share-based 
payments model, the completeness and accuracy of data used within share expense 
calculation, including controls over the share options provider migration, and the review of the 
journal entries posted to report the share-based payments expense.
We are satisfied that the share-based payment 
expense is reasonable and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 2.
We highlighted the following matters to the 
Audit Committee that contributed to our overall 
conclusion:
• Effectiveness of the overall control 
environment.
• The fair values of the share options granted 
during the period were materially consistent 
with the results of the testing performed by 
our valuation specialists.
• The accounting applied for the share-based 
payments expense and the related manual 
journal entries was materially correct.
We have involved our technical accounting experts to assess whether the accounting policy 
relating to share-based payments is in accordance with IFRS 2: Share-based payment.
We have involved valuation specialists to assess:
• the methodology and design of the valuation model;
• the reasonableness of the following share-based payments assumptions: Risk free rate, 
volatility, expected life, dividend yield and share price as inputs into the valuation model; and
• the completeness of the parameters in the valuation model;
We have tested the completeness of share-based payments expense by performing the 
following procedures:
• We have reconciled share options granted with the share options recorded in the expense 
calculation. 
• We have tested key inputs and outputs for the share options provider migration to determine 
whether data was migrated completely and accurately.
• We have reconciled the employees in the payroll expense to those in the share-based 
payments expense. For a sample of employees in payroll expense that were not recorded in 
the share-based payments expense, we obtained confirmation that share options had not 
been granted to these employees.
• We have performed cut-off procedures at the balance sheet date and for a sample of share 
options granted after the year end, to determine whether they were recorded in the correct 
period.
Risk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 113
\n[PAGE 114]\n• We have vouched a sample of options granted to underlying share-based payments option 
certificates and employment contracts and reviewed the key terms and conditions of those 
contracts to ensure they are accounted for correctly in line with IFRS 2.
• We have tested the mathematical accuracy of the share-based payments expenses and 
performed a reconciliation between the valuation outputs and the general ledger. These 
procedures included reviewing the manual journal entries posted by management related to 
share-based payments expense to verify that they are appropriate. 
• We have reviewed management’s accounting policy and ensured that the disclosures are 
correctly presented in the financial statements.
Risk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 114
\n[PAGE 115]\nRisk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Improper revenue recognition – Effective 
interest rate (‘EIR’) income recognition
Interest income on Loans and advances to 
customers in the current year is £377.1m 
(FY2025: £271.3m).
Refer to the Accounting policies (pages 124); 
and Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements (page 129).
In accordance with ISA (UK) 240, improper 
revenue recognition is considered to be a 
fraud risk. We reviewed the revenue streams 
earned by the Group and assessed the 
subjectivity of each stream and which stream 
could give rise to a material error in the 
financial statements.
The Group calculates interest income from 
Loans and advances to customers using the 
EIR method, or approaches which closely 
approximate it, and performs an assessment 
to review and adjust for any material 
difference between any approximations and 
the EIR method. We determined this 
assessment to be subjective in its application 
given the number of judgemental 
assumptions used. 
Our assessment is that the risk is consistent 
with FY2025.
Our assessment is that the risk is consistent 
with FY2025.
To address the identified risk of EIR revenue recognition relating to personal loans, overdrafts 
and Flex loans, we have performed the following audit procedures:
• We have tested the design and operating effectiveness of the controls relating to revenue 
recognition, including key reconciliations and processes to ensure complete and accurate 
capture of interest charges, customer payments and balances.
• We have involved our technical accounting experts to assess the Group’s technical 
accounting policy and associated disclosures relating to EIR on personal loans, overdrafts and 
Flex loans.
• We have involved valuation specialists to develop challenger model to assess the impact of 
using the Group’s method compared to our internal EIR challenger model and compared our 
findings with the Group’s own assessment.
• We have engaged our valuation specialists to perform sensitivity analysis over key 
behavioural life assumptions to test whether changes in key variables such as the prepayment 
rate could impact the income measured using the EIR. 
• We have performed additional analytical reviews and benchmarking procedures against 
similar lending products offered by comparable companies.
• We have agreed quantitative disclosures to source data and ensured qualitative disclosures 
are compliant with the accounting standards.
We are satisfied that interest income on Loans 
and advances to customers is reasonable and 
recognised in accordance with IFRS 9.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 115
\n[PAGE 116]\nRisk Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to 
the Audit Committee
Recognition and measurement of Deferred 
Tax Asset (‘DTA’)
The net deferred tax asset recognised in the 
current year is £99.4m (FY2025: £45.8m)
Refer to the Accounting policies (pages 124); 
and Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements (page 137)
There is a risk in relation to the appropriate 
measurement of the DTA due to the 
subjectivity of available evidence and 
assumptions applied by management 
regarding future taxable profits across the 
lookout period and the ability to recover the 
DTA. 
Our assessment is that the risk has 
decreased in FY2026 given the Group’s 
recurring profitability. 
To address the identified risk of recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets, we have 
performed the following audit procedures:
• We performed a fully substantive audit in this area and did not rely on the associated 
controls. 
• We have involved valuation specialists to assess the forecasts of the Group and the 
underpinning assumptions, testing that the assumptions were reasonable.
• We assessed the consistency of the forecasts used to justify the recognition of deferred tax 
assets to those used elsewhere in the business. In doing this, we verified that the forecasts did 
not include taxable profit growth that could not be demonstrated as probable, including 
critically evaluating risks and contrary evidence around the projected future profits.
• We also performed sensitivity analysis to understand whether reasonably possible changes to 
these assumptions could lead to a material change in the recognised asset.
• We considered the length of the forecasts that it would be appropriate to use in calculating 
the deferred tax asset, with reference to the Group’s historic performance and levels of 
forecasting accuracy.
• We have involved tax specialists to evaluate management’s methodology for assessing the 
recognition of and recoverability of deferred tax assets, including the ability to offset certain 
deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets. Where recognition is supported by the 
availability of sufficient probable taxable profits in future periods against which brought 
forward tax losses can be utilised, our evaluation of these future profits considered both the 
business model and the applicable UK tax legislation.
• We tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations used in determination of deferred 
tax assets.
• We have reviewed management’s accounting policy and ensured that the disclosures are 
correctly presented in the financial statements.
We are satisfied that the measurement of the 
deferred tax asset is reasonable and recognised 
in accordance with IAS 12.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 116
\n[PAGE 117]\nOur application of 
materiality
We apply the concept of materiality in 
planning and performing the audit, in 
evaluating the effect of identified 
misstatements on the audit and in forming 
our audit opinion.  
Materiality
The magnitude of an omission or 
misstatement that, individually or in the 
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of the users 
of the financial statements. Materiality 
provides a basis for determining the nature 
and extent of our audit procedures.
We determined materiality for the Group and 
the Parent Company to be £6.0m (FY2025: 
£6.0m), which is 5% of Group profit before 
tax adjusted for non-recurring items at the 
point of assessment during the planning 
period, and represented 0.5% (FY2025: 
0.5%) of the Group equity. We believe 
removing these non-recurring items reflects 
the most useful measure for users of the 
financial statements. For the prior year audit, 
materiality figures for the Group and the 
Parent Company were based on equity given 
the historic performance of the Group. In the 
current year, we deem profit before tax as an 
appropriate materiality basis given the 
Group’s sustained profitability.
During the course of our audit, we reassessed 
initial materiality. This assessment resulted in 
the same final materiality calculated based on 
the actual financial performance for the year. 
There were no changes to the basis for 
materiality from the initial point of 
assessment. 
Performance materiality
The application of materiality at the individual 
account or balance level.  It is set at an 
amount to reduce to an appropriately low 
level the probability that the aggregate of 
uncorrected and undetected misstatements 
exceeds materiality.
On the basis of our risk assessments, our 
judgement was that performance materiality 
was 50% (FY2025: 50%) of our planning 
materiality, namely £3.0m (FY2025: £3.0m). 
We have set performance materiality at this 
percentage due to a variety of risk factors, 
such as the expectation of misstatements, 
the internal control environment, the maturity 
of the Group and the accelerated growth of 
the Group’s business model. 
Reporting threshold
An amount below which identified 
misstatements are considered as being 
clearly trivial.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we 
would report to them all uncorrected audit 
differences in excess of £0.3m (FY2025: 
£0.3m), which is set at 5% of planning 
materiality, as well as differences below that 
threshold that, in our view, warranted 
reporting on qualitative grounds.
We evaluate any uncorrected misstatements 
against both the quantitative measures of 
materiality discussed above and in light of 
other relevant qualitative considerations in 
forming our opinion.
Other information 
The other information comprises the 
information included in the annual report, 
other than the financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. The directors are 
responsible for the other information 
contained within the annual report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does 
not cover the other information and, except 
to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in 
this report, we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements or 
our knowledge obtained in the course of the 
audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If we identify such material 
inconsistencies or apparent material 
misstatements, we are required to determine 
whether this gives rise to a material 
misstatement in the financial statements 
themselves. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of the other 
information, we are required to report that 
fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Opinions on other matters 
prescribed by the 
Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken 
in the course of the audit:
• the information given in the strategic report 
and the directors’ report for the financial 
year for which the financial statements are 
prepared is consistent with the financial 
statements; and 
• the strategic report and the directors’ 
report have been prepared in accordance 
with applicable legal requirements.
Matters on which we are 
required to report by 
exception
In the light of the knowledge and 
understanding of the Group and the Parent 
company and its environment obtained in the 
course of the audit, we have not identified 
material misstatements in the strategic report 
or the directors’ report.
We have nothing to report in respect of the 
following matters in relation to which the 
Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to 
you if, in our opinion:
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 117
\n[PAGE 118]\n• adequate accounting records have not 
been kept by the Parent company, or 
returns adequate for our audit have not 
been received from branches not visited by 
us; or
• the Parent company financial statements 
are not in agreement with the accounting 
records and returns; or
• certain disclosures of directors’ 
remuneration specified by law are not 
made; or
• we have not received all the information 
and explanations we require for our audit.
Responsibilities 
of directors
As explained more fully in the directors’ 
responsibilities statement set out on page 
105, the directors are responsible for the 
preparation of the financial statements and 
for being satisfied that they give a true and 
fair view, and for such internal control as the 
directors determine is necessary to enable 
the preparation of financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
IIn preparing the financial statements, the 
directors are responsible for assessing the 
Group and Parent company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless the directors either intend 
to liquidate the Group or the Parent company 
or to cease operations, or have no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities 
for the audit of the 
financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial 
statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs 
(UK) will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
financial statements.  
Explanation as to what extent 
the audit was considered capable 
of detecting irregularities, 
including fraud 
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of 
non-compliance with laws and regulations. 
We design procedures in line with our 
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect 
irregularities, including fraud. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement due to 
fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
deliberate concealment by, for example, 
forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or 
through collusion. The extent to which our 
procedures are capable of detecting 
irregularities, including fraud is detailed 
below.
However, the primary responsibility for the 
prevention and detection of fraud rests with 
both those charged with governance of the 
company and management. 
• We obtained an understanding of the legal 
and regulatory frameworks that are 
applicable to the group and determined 
that the most significant are:
• Companies Act 2006
• Financial Reporting Council (“FRC”) rules 
and guidance
• Tax Legislation (governed by HM Revenue 
and Customs)
• Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) rules
• Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) 
rules
• We understood how the Group is 
complying with those frameworks by 
making enquiries of senior management, 
reviewing regulatory correspondence 
between the Group and UK regulatory 
bodies, reviewing internal audit reports and 
attending meetings or reviewing minutes of 
the Board and Risk Committee. 
• We assessed the susceptibility of the 
Group’s financial statements and Parent 
Company’s financial statements to material 
misstatement, including how fraud might 
occur, by considering the controls that the 
Group has established to address risks 
identified by the Group, or that otherwise 
seek to prevent, deter or detect fraud.  We 
also assessed the risks of fraud in our key 
audit matters. Our procedures over our key 
audit matters and other significant 
accounting estimates included challenging 
management on the assumptions and 
judgements made in determining these 
estimates. 
• Based on this understanding we designed 
our audit procedures to identify non-
compliance with such laws and regulations. 
Our procedures involved inquiries of senior 
management, legal counsel, compliance, 
internal audit, and those charged with 
governance, review of correspondence with 
regulatory bodies and minutes of meetings 
of the Audit, Board and Risk committees, 
involvement of conduct risk specialists, 
review of whistleblowing policy and related 
documentation, as well as meeting with 
regulators. 
• The Group operates in the banking industry 
which is a highly regulated environment. As 
such the Senior Statutory Auditor 
considered the experience and expertise of 
the engagement team to ensure that the 
team had the appropriate competence and 
capabilities, which included the use of 
specialists where appropriate.
A further description of our responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial statements is 
located on the Financial Reporting Council’s 
website at https://www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities.  This description 
forms part of our auditor’s report.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 118
\n[PAGE 119]\nOther matters we are 
required to address 
• Following the recommendation from the 
audit committee we were appointed by the 
Group on 28 February 2017 to audit the 
financial statements for the year ending 28 
February 2017 and subsequent financial 
periods.
• The period of total uninterrupted 
engagement including previous renewals 
and reappointments is 10 years, covering 
the years ending 28 February 2017 to 31 
March 2026. 
• The non-audit services prohibited by the 
FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided 
to the Company, and we remain 
independent of the company in conducting 
the audit.  
• The audit opinion is consistent with the 
additional report to the Audit Committee.
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company’s 
members, as a body, in accordance with 
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 
2006.  Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state to the company’s 
members those matters we are required to 
state to them in an auditor’s report and for no 
other purpose.  To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, we do not accept or 
assume responsibility to anyone other than 
the company and the company’s members as 
a body, for our audit work, for this report, or 
for the opinions we have formed.  
Rhys Taylor (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, 
Statutory Auditor
London
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 119
119Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 120]\nConsolidated statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 March 2026
Notes £'000 £'000
Interest income 2 1,199,655 861,673
Fee and commission income 3 458,972 329,165
Other operating income 5 53,669 44,517
Revenue 1,712,296 1,235,355
Interest expense 2 (376,949) (262,833)
Fee and commission expense 3 (118,854) (72,000)
Credit loss expense on financial assets 4 (203,680) (152,595)
Cost of revenue (699,483) (487,428)
Gross Profit 1,012,813 747,927
Personnel expense 6 (421,583) (352,929)
Other operating expense 9 (503,942) (334,520)
Total operating expense (925,525) (687,449)
Profit before tax 87,288 60,478
Taxation credit / (expense) 10 (958) 34,090
Profit for the year 86,330 94,568
Other comprehensive income that may be recycled to profit or loss:
Currency translation reserve:
Currency translation differences (969) (159)
Cash flow hedging reserve:
Net gains/(losses) from changes in fair value (107,977) 5,524
Net losses / (gains) transferred to net profit 1,825 180
Tax 29,278 (1,637)
Financial assets reserve:
Net changes in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 560 598
Tax (156) (167)
Other comprehensive income that may be recycled to profit or loss (77,439) 4,339
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 8,891 98,907
2026 2025 The results for the current and prior year are 
derived entirely from continuing operations. 
The Notes 1 to 36 form an integral part of 
these financial statements.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 120
\n[PAGE 121]\nConsolidated statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2026
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 11 15,450,659 11,021,763
Treasury investments 12 9,482,722 5,381,870
Loans and advances to customers 13 2,311,925 1,602,470
Other assets 14 243,859 186,290
Current tax asset 10 5,048 10,279
Deferred tax asset 10 99,486 45,788
Property, plant and equipment 15 12,011 15,391
Total assets 27,605,710 18,263,851
Liabilities
Customer deposits 17 25,715,953 16,599,371
Subordinated debt liability 18 15,770 15,421
Other liabilities 19 590,247 436,116
Current tax liabilities 10 175 —
Total liabilities 26,322,145 17,050,908
Equity
Called up share capital 30 240 238
Share premium account 503,779 501,730
Other reserves 31 992,939 1,013,604
Accumulated losses (213,393) (302,629)
Total equity 1,283,565 1,212,943
Total liabilities and equity 27,605,710 18,263,851
2026 2025
Notes £'000 £'000
The Notes 1 to 36 form an integral part of 
these financial statements. The financial 
statements on pages 120 to 184 were 
approved and authorised for issuance by the 
Board on 15/05/2026 and signed on its 
behalf by:
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 121
\n[PAGE 122]\nConsolidated statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2026
Balance as at 1 April 2024 217 339,388 22,134 944,813 (444,407) 862,145
Profit for the year — — — — 94,568 94,568
Cumulative translation adjustment — — (159) — — (159)
Cash flow hedge reserve — — 4,067 — — 4,067
Treasury investment fair value movements — — 431 — — 431
Total comprehensive loss for the year — — 4,339 — 94,568 98,907
Shares issued 21 150,627 — — — 150,648
Cost of issuance — (20) — — — (20)
Share-based payments reserve — — 89,528 — — 89,528
Exercise of options — 11,735 (47,210) — 47,210 11,735
Balance as at 31 March 2025 238 501,730 68,791 944,813 (302,629) 1,212,943
Profit for the year — — — — 86,330 86,330
Cumulative translation adjustment — — (969) — — (969)
Cash flow hedge reserve — — (76,874) — — (76,874)
Treasury investment fair value movements — — 404 — — 404
Total comprehensive income for the year — — (77,439) — 86,330 8,891
Shares issued 2 2,004 — — — 2,006
Cost of issuance — — — — — —
Share-based payments reserve — — 59,680 — — 59,680
Exercise of options — 45 (2,906) — 2,906 45
Balance as at 31 March 2026 240 503,779 48,126 944,813 (213,393) 1,283,565
Share capital
Share 
premium
Other 
reserves
Merger 
reserve
Retained 
losses Total equity
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
The Group’s Share capital as at 31 March 
2026 was £240k (FY2025: £238k). In the 
current year we released £2.9m (FY2025: 
£47.2m) of reserves, related to share options 
exercised, from other reserves into Retained 
losses. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 122
\n[PAGE 123]\nConsolidated statement of cash flows 
for the year ended 31 March 2026
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year 86,330 94,568
Adjustments for non-cash items:
Impairment and charge-offs 4 203,680 152,595
Depreciation & impairment expense 15 3,353 4,623
Taxation 10 958 (34,090)
Share-based payments 6 59,007 83,468
Provisions 28 (1,050) 3,281
Net interest accrual (50,350) (68,155)
Other non-cash items (14,821) (7,494)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Movement in loans and advances to customers (913,137) (564,849)
Movement in customer deposits 17 9,116,586 5,401,749
Movement in other assets (74,803) 312,246
Net tax paid (13,165) (6,019)
Movement in collateral held with third parties (130) (1,075)
Movement in other liabilities 54,393 (454,084)
Net cash from operating activities 8,456,851 4,916,764
Cash flows from investing activities
Net movement in treasury investments (4,028,241) (1,676,621)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment — (213)
Movement in sublease receivables 305 171
Net cash from investing activities (4,027,936) (1,676,663)
Cash flows from financing activities
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares 2,052 162,362
Principal elements of lease payments 16 (926) (4,955)
Net cash from financing activities 1,126 157,407
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (1,145) (45)
Net increase in cash 4,428,896 3,397,463
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,021,763 7,624,300
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 15,450,659 11,021,763
Notes 2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Total interest received by the Group was £861m (FY2025: £688m). Total interest paid by the Group was £370m (FY2025: £244m).
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 123
\n[PAGE 124]\nNotes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2026
1. Accounting policies
a. Reporting entities
These financial statements are prepared 
for Monzo Bank Holding Group Ltd and its 
subsidiaries (‘the Group’, ‘Monzo’, ‘We’, 
‘Us’, ‘Our’). Monzo Bank Holding Group Ltd 
('MBHG', ‘the Company’) is a non-trading 
private company limited by shares 
incorporated and registered in England 
and Wales. 
The subsidiaries include Monzo Bank Ltd 
(‘MBL’), incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales, Monzo Inc. ('MINC'), 
incorporated and registered in Delaware, 
United States and Monzo Bank Europe 
Designated Activity Company (DAC) 
(‘MBEU’) which was incorporated in Ireland. 
Monzo Support US Inc, incorporated in 
Delaware, United States was wound up on 
10th September 2025. See Note 32 for our 
Group structure.
The Group began the formal process of 
winding up MINC on 31st March 2026. As of 
the reporting date, the Group continues to 
exercise control over the entity’s remaining 
assets and liabilities. The results of this entity 
have been included in the consolidated 
financial statements up to the reporting date.
We’ve presented consolidated financial 
statements for the Group.
MBHG was incorporated on 6 April 2023. 
The Company’s standalone financial 
statements presented from page 185 
cover the year ended 31 March 2026.
b. Basis of preparation
We have prepared the consolidated financial 
statements on a historical cost basis, except 
for instruments carried at fair value, in 
accordance with the Companies Act 2006 
and with UK adopted International 
Accounting Standards (IAS).
We present the financial statements in 
Pounds Sterling which is the Group’s 
functional currency. Figures in tables are 
shown in thousands of Pounds Sterling 
unless otherwise stated.
We present our Statement of financial 
position in order of liquidity. We base this on 
our intention and ability to recover, or settle, 
the majority of assets, or liabilities, in the 
financial statement line.
We’ve assessed our level of exposure to 
climate risk, as well as our climate related 
targets with regards to these Financial 
Statements and consider them to have 
limited impact as at 31 March 2026. Many of 
the effects arising from climate change will 
be longer term in nature, with an inherent 
level of uncertainty, and have limited effect 
on accounting judgements and estimates for 
the year.
As we covered in the Group Directors’ report, 
we’ve reviewed our business plan and capital 
requirements over our going concern 
assessment period of 12 months from the 
date the Board approves our financial 
statements.
Under our base case plan, for the whole of 
the period to March 2031 we maintain a 
capital surplus above our minimum 
regulatory requirements. This covers the 
going concern assessment period and 
beyond. Under a severe stress scenario, 
management actions are available that 
reduce operating expenses and lending 
growth. Under this stress scenario, we 
continue to maintain our minimum capital 
requirements throughout the whole period 
whether or not management actions are 
taken. There is a risk we won’t be able to 
execute our business plan, which could 
impact our ability to generate a profit or raise 
enough capital to meet future regulatory 
capital requirements, but this is not 
considered likely.
The Directors therefore expect us to have 
enough financial resources to meet our 
regulatory requirements for our going 
concern assessment period and conclude 
it’s appropriate to continue preparing our 
financial statements on a going concern 
basis. The financial statements therefore do 
not contain adjustments that would result if 
the Group was unable to continue as a going 
concern.
c. Summary of material accounting 
policies
i. Basis of consolidation
The Group consists of MBHG and its three 
wholly-owned subsidiaries, MBL, MINC and 
MBEU. MBL was incorporated and registered 
in England and Wales. MBEU was 
incorporated in Ireland. Monzo Inc. was 
incorporated in Delaware, United States. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 124
\n[PAGE 125]\nMBL had one wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Monzo Support US Inc (MSUS) which was 
incorporated in Delaware, United States. 
MSUS was wound up on 10th September 
2025. MBHG has prepared consolidated 
accounts under IFRS 10 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
The consolidated financial statements 
include the results of the Company and its 
subsidiaries. The subsidiaries are the entities 
over which MBHG exercises control. Control 
exists when the Company has the power to 
govern the relevant activities of an entity and 
to vary the returns it receives from the 
activities of the entity. In assessing control, 
the Group takes into consideration potential 
voting rights that are currently exercisable.
On 31 March 2026, the Group announced the 
formal closure and commencement of the 
wind-down of its US subsidiary, Monzo Inc. 
As the Group maintained control of the entity 
through to the end of the reporting period, 
Monzo Inc. has been fully consolidated in 
these financial statements.
The financial results of subsidiaries are 
included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the date control starts until 
the date that control ends, when applicable.
In preparing the consolidated financial 
statements, intra-group balances and 
transactions are eliminated. Unrealised losses 
are eliminated in the same way as unrealised 
gains, but only to the extent that there is no 
evidence of impairment.
ii. Foreign exchange
The financial statements are presented in the 
Group’s functional currency Pounds Sterling.
The Group applies IAS 21 The Effects of 
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates. 
Transactions in foreign currencies are 
translated into Pounds Sterling at the 
exchange rate ruling at the date of the 
transaction. Foreign currency monetary 
balances are translated into Pounds Sterling 
at the year end exchange rates. Exchange 
gains and losses on such balances are taken 
to the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
Non-monetary foreign currency balances are 
translated at historical transaction-date 
exchange rates.
iii. Interest income and expense calculated 
under the effective interest rate (EIR) method
According to IFRS 9, we recognise interest 
income using the EIR method or approaches 
which closely approximate it. The EIR method 
represents the internal rate of return on our 
lending products, treasury assets and 
deposits with central banks, incorporating 
where relevant and material, all interest, 
direct fees, commissions and charges that are 
integral to the yield. The expected life of 
financial assets is used to calculate the 
internal rate of return. The identified interest, 
fees and charges are deferred and amortised 
over the product life.
For financial assets in Stage 1 and 2, interest 
income is calculated by applying the EIR to 
the gross carrying amount, For financial 
assets which are credit-impaired (Stage 3), 
interest income is calculated using the EIR 
method on the carrying amount net of the 
impairment loss allowance.
The EIR is adjusted to incorporate any fees, 
premiums or discounts that are integral to our 
financial assets or liabilities, where this has a 
material impact.
Similarly, where we pay our customers 
interest, but those customers pay us fees that 
are deemed integral to the interest they 
receive, per IFRS 9 we net the interest 
expense against those fees. The resulting 
adjusted interest expense recognised on 
such products is not material. 
iv. Fee and commission income/expense and 
other operating income
We’ve recognised fee and commission 
income and other operating income for the 
year according to the principles of IFRS 15 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
using the five-step model:
1. Identify the contracts with customers
2. Identify the performance obligations in 
the contract
3. Determine the transaction price
4. Allocate the transaction price to the 
performance obligations in the contract
5. Recognise the revenue when (or as) the 
entity satisfies the performance 
obligation.
We only recognise fee and commission 
income and other operating income over the 
life of a contract when performance 
obligations are satisfied.
The key components of fee and commission 
income are Transaction income, Subscription 
income and Partnership commission. 
• Transaction income includes Interchange 
income, ATM fees, Cash deposit fees, 
International payment fees, Flex money 
transfer fees and multi currency account 
fees. Interchange income is recognised 
based on presentment values when 
transactions are expected to clear. We 
offset the cost of Customer rewards against 
Interchange income because it is part of the 
consideration payable to earn that 
interchange. ATM fees are recognised at 
the point transactions take place.
• Subscription income is recognised evenly 
over the subscription period in line with the 
services provided.
• Partnership commission is earned for 
introducing our customers to partners; 
revenue is recognised when we have 
fulfilled the requirements of the contract 
with the partner.
v. Financial instruments
We apply IFRS 9 to recognise, classify, 
measure and derecognise financial assets 
and liabilities, and to record any impairment 
on all debt instrument financial assets except 
those held at fair value through profit or loss. 
We also apply IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures, when disclosing information 
about the significance of financial 
instruments and the nature and extent of risks 
arising from financial instruments, in both 
qualitative and quantitative terms. Where 
assets are measured at fair value, we apply 
IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement to measure 
the value of those assets.
Recognition
We recognise financial assets and liabilities 
when Monzo becomes party to a contract. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 125
\n[PAGE 126]\nFinancial instruments are initially recognised 
at fair value, inclusive of directly attributable 
transaction costs. Trade date accounting is 
applied for all financial assets and liabilities. 
Classification and measurement
We classify financial assets on the basis of 
the business model within which they are 
managed and their contractual cash flows. 
We’ve elected to designate a portfolio of 
fixed rate treasury investments, that have 
been economically hedged using interest rate 
swaps, at fair value through profit and loss 
(FVTPL) as explained in more detail below.
Held at amortised cost
We hold financial assets at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate method 
where:
• Our business model is to hold financial 
assets to collect or pay contractual cash 
flows, rather than to sell the instrument 
before maturity.
• The contractual terms of the financial 
assets held by the Group give rise to cash 
flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest.
After initial recognition, financial assets and 
liabilities held at amortised cost are then 
adjusted by the effective interest rate. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash 
flows (including fees that are an integral part 
of the effective interest rate) through the 
expected life of the asset or liability.
The fair value and contractual maturity of 
financial assets and liabilities held at 
amortised cost are shown in Notes 21 and 22 
respectively.
Held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
We hold treasury investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income where:
• Our business model is to hold these 
investments to collect or pay contractual 
cash flows, or to sell the instrument before 
maturity.
• The contractual terms of these investments 
held by the Group give rise to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest.
After initial recognition, treasury investments 
held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are then revalued at 
every reporting period with the unrealised 
gains or losses taken through other 
comprehensive income. At maturity, or on 
sale date, any unrealised gain or loss is 
recycled to the income statement.
Impairment
We calculate an impairment loss allowance 
on financial assets held at amortised cost and 
for debt securities held at fair value through 
other comprehensive income based on the 
expected credit loss (ECL), per IFRS 9. We 
give more detailed information on our ECL 
calculations in Note 25.
Held at fair value through profit and loss
We hold financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value where the contractual terms of the 
financial assets held by us give rise to cash 
flows that aren’t solely payments of principal 
and interest, or if the financial asset is not 
held in a business model to collect the 
contractual cash flows, or to collect and sell. 
Additionally, we use the fair value option to 
designate financial assets at fair value 
through profit and loss if doing so eliminates, 
or significantly reduces, an accounting 
mismatch which would otherwise exist. 
After initial recognition, financial assets and 
liabilities held at fair value are then revalued 
at every reporting period with the difference 
taken through the income statement.
We designate a portion of fixed rate treasury 
investments, that are economically hedged 
with interest rate swaps, at FVTPL. In doing 
so we significantly reduce the accounting 
mismatch which would otherwise exist when 
measuring these treasury investments and 
interest swaps on different bases. The critical 
terms of the treasury investments and 
interest rate swaps match, meaning an 
economic relationship exists from the outset 
with the change in value on both items 
moving in opposite directions. Both the 
treasury investments and the associated 
interest rate swaps are recorded at fair value 
on the balance sheet, with the net difference 
between the fair value movements of the two 
recorded within the income statement as 
unrealised gains or losses in other operating 
income
Additionally, we have a portfolio of interest 
rate swaps that hedge variable interest rate 
risk in our banking book. We designate this 
portfolio in cash flow hedge relationships so 
that changes in fair value, with the exception 
of any hedge ineffectiveness, are taken to 
other comprehensive income rather than 
through the income statement, removing 
volatility from the income statement.
All of our interest rate swaps are recorded at 
fair value and carried as assets when their fair 
value is positive and carried as liabilities when 
their fair value is negative, subject to 
application of master netting agreements. 
The notional amount and fair value of all of 
our interest rate swaps are disclosed 
separately in Note 20.
Derecognition
We derecognise a financial asset, or a part of 
it, from the balance sheet when the 
contractual rights to cash flows from the 
asset have either expired, transferred or have 
been sold, along with substantially all the 
risks and rewards of the asset.
We may also make the decision to write-off 
balances, when there is no realistic prospect 
of recovering an asset in its entirety (see Note 
25).
Financial liabilities are derecognised when 
they are settled or have been extinguished.
Hedge accounting
We use hedge accounting, per the 
requirements of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, 
to represent the economic effects of our 
interest rate risk management strategy as set 
out in Note 20 on our variable rate asset 
exposures. These interest rate swaps are held 
for risk management purposes and when 
swaps meet the required criteria for 
documentation and hedge effectiveness, we 
apply cash flow hedge accounting. Applying 
cash flow hedge accounting enables us to 
reduce the cash flow volatility from interest 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 126
\n[PAGE 127]\nrate risk on cash balances with variable 
interest rates.
At inception, we formally document:
• how the hedging relationship meets the 
hedge accounting criteria;
• the economic relationship between the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument; 
• the nature of the risk, the risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the 
hedge; and
• the method that will be used to assess the 
effectiveness of the hedging relationship at 
inception and on an ongoing basis.
For cash flow hedges, to calculate the 
change in fair value of the hedged item 
attributable to the hedged risk, we use the 
hypothetical derivative method. This involves 
establishing a hypothetical derivative that 
would be the ideal hedging instrument for the 
hedged exposure. The hypothetical 
derivative is then used to calculate the 
change in the net present value for the future 
cash flows of the hedged item. This is then 
compared to changes in value of the actual 
hedging instrument to assess hedge 
effectiveness and, if necessary, the need to 
recognise any ineffectiveness in our income 
statement.
vi. Related party transactions
Key management personnel are defined as 
those people with authority and responsibility 
for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company. This includes the 
Board of Directors. See note 34 for more 
details.
d. Taxation
Taxation in the Income Statement comprises 
current and deferred tax.
i. Current tax
Current tax is the tax expected to be payable 
on the taxable profit for the year, calculated 
using tax rates and laws enacted or 
substantively enacted by the reporting date, 
and any adjustment to tax payable in respect 
of the previous period.
Detailed disclosures are provided in Note 10.
ii. Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided on temporary 
differences at the reporting date between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts for financial reporting 
purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the 
extent that it is probable that future taxable 
profits will be available against which 
deductible temporary differences can be 
utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are 
reassessed at each reporting date and are 
recognised to the extent that it becomes 
probable that future taxable profit will allow 
the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to apply in the year when the asset is realised 
or the liability is settled, based on tax rates 
(and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Pillar 2 Taxes
We have applied the mandatory temporary 
exception to the requirements to account for 
deferred tax liabilities related to Pillar 2 
income taxes in these accounts. Note 10 
makes disclosures related to Pillar 2 income 
taxes.
e. New and updated accounting 
standards adopted in the period
There were no new or updated standards 
materially relevant to Monzo in the current 
financial year.
f. Accounting standards issued but 
not yet effective
A number of accounting standards have been 
issued or revised but are not yet effective. 
They are due to take effect for future 
accounting periods. We haven’t applied any 
of these standards in preparing our financial 
statements, and they are not expected to 
have a material impact on our reporting, other 
than presentational once effective.
• Amendments to the Classification and 
Measurement of Financial Instruments 
(Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7) 
[effective for periods starting on or after 1 
January 2026]
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting 
Standards – Volume 11 [effective for periods 
on or after 1 January 2026]
• IFRS 18: Presentation and Disclosures in 
Financial Statements [effective for periods 
on or after 1 January 2027]
• IFRS 19: Subsidiaries without Public 
Accountability: Disclosures [effective for 
periods starting on or after 1 January 2027]
g. Significant accounting 
estimates, critical judgements and 
assumptions
The preparation of financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income 
and expenses. Due to the inherent 
uncertainty in making estimates, actual 
results reported in future periods may be 
based upon amounts which differ from those 
estimates. 
Critical accounting judgements are those 
applied to our accounting policies that have 
the most significant effects on the amounts 
recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements. Significant accounting estimates 
have a higher risk of causing material 
adjustments to the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities within the next financial 
year. Further information on critical 
judgements and significant accounting 
estimates are disclosed within the note which 
they relate to in: 
• Credit loss expense in Note 25
• Provisions in Note 28
• Deferred tax in Note 10
The consolidated financial statements 
include other areas of judgement and 
accounting estimates. While these areas do 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 127
\n[PAGE 128]\nnot meet the definition under IAS 1 of 
significant accounting estimates or critical 
accounting judgements, the recognition and 
measurement of certain material assets and 
liabilities are based on assumptions and/or 
are subject to longer term uncertainties. The 
other areas of judgement and accounting 
estimates are:
• Going concern in Note 1
• Fair valuing share-based payments in Note 
33
• Effective interest rate recognition in Note 1
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 128

\n[PAGE 129]\n2. Net interest income 
Cash and cash equivalents 482,588 418,642
Loans and advances to customers 377,091 271,335
Treasury assets 339,032 170,266
Interest income on leases 5 6
Other interest income 939 1,424
1,199,655 861,673
Interest expense
Interest expense on customer deposits (370,496) (258,846)
Interest expense on leases (1,676) (1,861)
Interest expense on subordinated debt (2,149) (2,107)
Other interest expense (2,628) (19)
(376,949) (262,833)
Net interest income 822,706 598,840
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Interest income
Interest income presented in the table 
represents interest revenue calculated using 
the effective interest method.
Interest income of £482.6m (FY2025: 
£418.6m) on cash and cash equivalents is 
primarily earned on reserves held at central 
bank, and includes interest on swaps entered 
to hedge the interest rate risk of the 
underlying item.
Interest income on Loans and advances to 
customers of £377.1m (FY2025: £271.3m) 
was earned across overdrafts (£145.2m, 
FY2025: £108.1m)), loans (£138.2m, FY2025: 
£108.1m) and Flex (£93.7m, FY2025: 
£55.2m).
Interest income of £339.0m (FY2025: 
£170.3m) from treasury assets consists of 
£218.2m (FY2025: £40.9m) from investments 
designated at fair value through profit and 
loss, £73.1m (FY2025: £117.5m) from 
investments held at amortised cost; and 
£47.8m (FY2025: £11.9m) from investments 
held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
Interest income on our treasury assets 
includes interest on swaps entered to 
economically hedge the interest rate risk on a 
portfolio of fixed rate treasury investments.
Interest expense on leases is charged on the 
outstanding balance of lease liabilities. We’ve 
used our observable borrowing rate as the 
incremental borrowing rate (IBR) to calculate 
lease liability interest.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 129
\n[PAGE 130]\n3. Net fees and commissions
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Fee and commission income
Transaction income 321,262 234,997
Subscription income 122,062 75,191
Partnership commission 15,648 18,977
458,972 329,165
Fee and commission expense
Transaction expense (47,861) (33,274)
Subscription expense (61,300) (37,976)
Partnership expense (9,693) (750)
(118,854) (72,000)
Net fees and commissions 340,118 257,165
The reported fees and commissions are those 
which don’t contain an interest element and 
don’t form part of any effective interest rate 
calculations. 
Net transaction income increased by £71.7m, 
36%, as card spend grew 32% from FY2025 
as customers spent more through Monzo. Net 
subscription income has increased 63% in line 
with growth across our Personal and Business 
Banking Subscription tiers. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 130
\n[PAGE 131]\n4. Credit loss expense on financial assets
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss when 
customers or other counterparties fail to 
settle their contractual obligations with us or 
fail to make payments on time. We lend to 
customers to earn a return through interest 
income. Lending creates credit risk as 
borrowers might fail to pay the interest or 
outstanding balance. 
The exposure to credit risk includes the 
available unused borrowing committed to 
overdraft and Flex customers (undrawn 
commitments) see Note 25, overdrafts, 
overdrawn balances and loans on the balance 
sheet (Note 13). As a material risk to us, there 
is significant management focus on setting 
credit risk appetite and embedding 
appropriate risk mitigation. The credit loss 
expense covers the change in expected 
credit losses (ECLs) plus the cost of writing-
off (fully or partially) assets when they are 
deemed uncollectable.
Overdrafts, overdrawn balances and undrawn 
commitments 72,884 57,955
Loans 64,379 44,888
Flex loans 65,614 49,437
Credit loss expense on loans and advances to 
customers 202,877 152,280
Receivables 803 315
Total credit loss expense 203,680 152,595
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
See Note 25 for more information on the 
credit loss expense that comes from holding 
an impairment loss allowance in respect of 
loans, overdrafts, overdrawn balances, Flex 
and receivables.
We’re also exposed to overnight credit risk 
on our derivative financial instruments. This is 
monitored daily and managed by paying and 
receiving collateral (margin) as appropriate. 
Refer to Note 26 on netting below.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 131
\n[PAGE 132]\n5. Other operating income
£'000 £'000
Partnership incentives 30,815 31,205
Net fair value gains on financial instruments 10,005 2,877
Other income26 7,988 6,234
RDEC Tax claim income 4,861 4,201
Total Other Operating Income 53,669 44,517
2026 2025
Other operating income mainly consists of 
business to business development grants, 
Research and Development Expenditure 
Credit (RDEC) claims, dispute fees and 
unrealised gains or losses on treasury 
investments. 
We have designated a portfolio of fixed-rate 
bond investments and associated asset 
swaps at fair value through profit or loss to 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch 
on remeasurement. For the year, a net gain of 
£11.9m (FY2025: £2.3m gain) was recognised 
in Other operating income relating to credit 
spreads on the asset swapped bonds in our 
credit investment portfolio. This is the net 
impact of unrealised fair value gains on our 
asset swaps of £67.7m (FY2025: £14K loss), 
and unrealised fair value losses on asset 
swapped bonds of £55.8m (FY2025: 
£2.3m gain).
The net fair value gains on financial 
instruments includes a £1.8m loss (FY2025: 
£0.2m loss) from hedge ineffectiveness 
arising on our cash flow hedges.
£24.3m (FY2025: £21.5m) of expenses this 
year qualify for our research and 
development expenditure credit (RDEC).
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 132
26 FY2025 other operating income has been disaggregated and reclassified to conform with the presentation we have 
applied for FY2026
\n[PAGE 133]\n6. Personnel expenses
Short-term colleague benefits 
Salaries, social security contributions and 
other employment benefits (other personnel 
expenses) are expensed as the related 
service is provided.
Defined contribution plans 
We participate in single defined contribution 
pension schemes in the UK, EU and the US. 
The contribution payable by colleagues 
(employees’ contribution) to a defined 
contribution plan is a fixed percentage of the 
person’s salary each month. This is the same 
for all colleagues of each entity, unless they 
have opted out. The cost to Monzo 
(employers’ contribution) is recorded as an 
expense under personnel expenses. Unpaid 
contributions are recorded as a liability. 
We don’t operate any defined benefit pension 
plans. 
Share-based payments
See Note 33 for the accounting policy.
The increase in personnel costs to £421.6m 
(FY2025: £352.9m) reflects hiring to support 
European expansion and our continued 
growth in the UK, with investment in product 
and technology functions as well as control 
functions to support operational resilience.
The average number of people in the Group 
during the year was 4,674 (FY2025: 3,821), 
1,826 (FY2025: 1,336) of these worked in 
Business and technology and 2,848 (FY2025: 
2,485) worked in Customer Operations.
The decrease in share-based payments 
charge to £59.0m (FY2025: £83.5m) is 
driven by the employee secondary sale 
(£53.4m) which took place in FY2025. 
£'000 £'000
Salaries 307,481 224,417
Share-based payments 59,007 83,468
Social security contributions 38,822 32,577
Contributions to defined contribution plans 12,577 9,379
Other personnel expenses 3,696 3,088
Total personnel cost 421,583 352,929
2026 2025
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 133
\n[PAGE 134]\n7. Government grants
We only recognise government grants when 
we have reasonable assurance that we’ll 
meet the conditions attached to the grant, 
and the grant will be received. We recognise 
grants as income or as a reduction to 
expense, on a straight-line basis, in the same 
period as the related costs.
We received a government grant prior to 
FY2026 which relates to our team in Cardiff. 
The grant’s monitoring period finished in 
September 2025. 
Performance targets related to the 
monitoring period are subjective. The Group 
therefore has deferred release of the 
remaining grant amount into the statement of 
comprehensive income until receipt of the 
government’s external confirmation of 
compliance with the contract terms. 
£'000 £'000
As at 1 April 760 760
Received during the year — —
Released to the statement of profit or loss — —
As at 31 March 760 760
2026 2025
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 134
\n[PAGE 135]\n8. Directors’ remuneration
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Salaries and fees 3,181 3,315
Share-based payments 4,891 13,095
Contributions to defined contribution plans 20 22
Total directors’ emoluments 8,092 16,432
Salaries 501 652
Share-based payments 3,002 11,324
Contributions to defined contribution plans 20 —
Highest paid director 3,523 11,976
As at 31 March 2026 there were no loans 
outstanding to directors (FY2025: £nil) and 
there were no loans made to directors during 
the year (FY2025: £nil).
Some directors were granted share options in 
the year. nil directors (FY2025: 2) exercised 
share options during the year including the 
highest paid director. No shares were given 
to directors under any compensation 
scheme.
Remuneration from share-based payments 
includes the potential unrealised benefits 
from vesting share options and an accrual for 
services rendered prior to the formal grant 
date.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 135
\n[PAGE 136]\n9. Other operating expenses
£'000 £'000
Customer account operating costs 138,646 96,222
Marketing 143,060 97,425
Technology costs 77,381 59,275
Professional services 23,639 21,824
Depreciation & impairment expense 3,353 4,623
Other expenses 117,863 55,151
Total operating expenses 503,942 334,520
2026 2025
Customer account operating costs include 
the cost of payment schemes, card 
production and distribution to new and 
existing customers, on-boarding costs and 
operational losses (including fraud). In 
FY2026 costs increased by £42.4m partly 
driven by fraud losses. 
Marketing costs have increased by £45.6m to 
£143.1m in FY2026 as we launched a UK-
wide business banking brand campaign, 
continued to promote key product launches 
and introduced more customers to Monzo 
using digital platforms. 
Technology costs include charges for 
servers, cloud services and software. Our 
technology costs grew £18.1m to £77.4m as 
we served significantly more customers, 
invested further in our core app experience 
and in the quality and security of our 
platform.
Professional services expenses increased 
£1.8m to £23.6m in FY2026, due to increased 
consultancy fees £3.8m, partially offset by a 
fall in legal fees £2.2m.
Other expenses have increased to £117.9m 
(FY2025: £55.2m) partly driven by the 
settlement of the FCA fine of £21.1m as per 
Note 27, plus increased outsourced COps 
costs by £24.0m to £53.2m for 2026.  
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 136
\n[PAGE 137]\n10. Taxation
Current taxation
We measure current income tax assets and 
liabilities at the amount we expect to recover 
from or pay to the taxation authorities. They 
involve a degree of estimation and 
judgement. To compute the amounts, we use 
the tax rates and tax laws which are enacted 
or substantively enacted at the reporting 
date.
We base tax assets and liabilities relating to 
open and judgemental matters on our 
assessment of the most likely outcome/(s) 
based on the tax authorities having full 
knowledge of all relevant information. We 
engage constructively and transparently with 
the tax authorities with a view to resolving 
any uncertain tax matters.
The Group’s profits and losses are taxed at 
different rates depending on the country in 
which the profit or loss arises. The Group is 
currently taxed in the UK at a prevailing rate 
of 25% (FY2025: 25%), in the US at a 
prevailing rate of 29.56% (FY2025: 29.56%), 
in Ireland at a prevailing rate of 12.5% 
(FY2025: 12.5%) and in Spain at a prevailing 
rate of 30%. 
Deferred tax
The whole of the deferred tax recognised on 
tax losses, fixed asset timing differences and 
other temporary differences (£72m) is based 
on forecast taxable profits, as is £27m of the 
deferred tax recognised on gains through 
other comprehensive income. In FY2025, 
recognition of £46.3m of deferred tax assets 
was based on forecast profits.
We have considered the available evidence 
supporting recognition against future taxable 
profits. Convincing evidence comes from 
another year of taxable profits, a large, more 
diverse customer base and a wider set of 
income streams.
The calculation of the deferred tax asset 
involves areas of judgement. Key among 
these is the nature of the forecasts used to 
predict future taxable profits. The scenario 
we used for the deferred tax recognition 
model is based on the budget used for the 
going concern assessment, revised to factor 
in adverse economic scenarios. We chose 
this scenario to factor in the inherent 
uncertainty in forecasting macroeconomic 
conditions. In FY2026, we extended the 
forecast period to three years (FY2025: two 
years), as we have increased confidence in 
our forecasts.
No deferred tax is recognised in relation to 
£71m (FY2025: £221m) of carried forward tax 
losses. These losses are: UK non-trading 
losses of £1m, Irish tax losses of £21m and US 
tax losses of £49m. These losses do not 
expire, but are not expected to reverse in the 
forecast period. No deferred tax is 
recognised in relation to £288m of gross 
deductible timing differences on share based 
payments (FY2025: £200m) or £10m of 
other temporary differences (FY2025: nil).
We determine deferred income tax based on 
tax rates and laws which have been enacted, 
or substantively enacted, by the reporting 
date. We apply these rates in light of when 
we expect the timing differences to reverse.
As we expect the 3% banking surcharge to 
apply to Monzo Bank Limited’s for future 
periods, UK amounts are recognised between 
25% and 28%.
Current tax on profits for the year 25,650 14,540
Current tax prior period adjustments (113) (1,038)
Deferred tax
Deferred tax current year movement (21,231) (43,862)
Deferred tax prior period adjustments (12) —
Effect of changes in tax rates (3,336) (3,730)
Tax per income statement 958 (34,090)
Other comprehensive income 
Deferred tax on cashflow hedges (29,278) (1,637)
Deferred tax on fair value gains 157 (167)
Total tax in other comprehensive income (29,121) (1,804)
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Income statement
We recognised a current tax credit of £1.2m 
(FY2025: £6.4m) in other reserves in relation 
to employee share options exercised. This 
amount reflects the tax benefit of these 
exercises in excess of the total option 
expense charged to the profit and loss 
account.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 137
\n[PAGE 138]\nAmounts recognised in profit or loss 
£'000 £'000
Profit on ordinary activities before tax 87,288 60,478
Main rate of corporation tax  25%  25% 
Expected tax charge 21,822 15,120
Effects of:
Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior period (139) (1,038)
Expenses not deductible for tax 5,819 1,448
Income not taxable (10) —
Other temporary differences 422 90
Impact of differences in overseas tax rates 1,907 1,205
Movement in deferred tax unrecognised - shares 12,492 2,277
Movement in deferred tax unrecognised - losses (38,087) (49,462)
Change in tax rates (3,336) (3,730)
Total income tax (credit)/charge for the period 958 (34,090)
2026 2025
Deferred tax
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised
Unused tax losses 71,078 46,712
Fixed asset timing differences 597 585
Losses/ (gains) through other comprehensive income 26,986 (2,134)
Other deductible temporary differences 825 625
Total recognised deferred tax 99,486 45,788
£'000 £'000
Deferred tax assets unrecognised
Unused tax losses 17,688 55,188
Share-based payments 72,057 49,963
Other deductible temporary differences 1,838 —
Total unrecognised deferred tax 91,583 105,151
2026 2025
Pillar Two taxes
We haven’t recognised any Pillar 2 tax 
expense. Disclosure of our mandatory 
temporary exemption for deferred tax 
liabilities has been included in Note 1ii. Pillar 2 
income taxes apply a minimum global tax rate 
of 15% for each jurisdiction where a large 
multinational is taxed. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 138
\n[PAGE 139]\n11. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are recognised 
initially at fair value and then at amortised 
cost.
Cash and cash equivalents are held on 
demand, except for amounts held as 
collateral at central banks and interest 
accrued on our central bank deposits. 
We show them in accordance with the 
regulatory licence held by the institution. 
As at 31 March 2026 £647.3m of the reserves 
with the Bank of England were encumbered 
(FY2025: £441.1m). These amounts are held 
as cash collateral as a requirement of us 
being a direct settling participant of the 
Faster Payments Service and Bankers’ 
Automated Clearing Services.
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents held with:
Central banks 14,488,393 10,328,994
Other banks 25,067 16,987
E-money institutions 3,044 913
Reserves with central banks 934,155 674,869
Total cash and cash equivalents 15,450,659 11,021,763
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 139
\n[PAGE 140]\n12. Treasury investments
The Group’s treasury assets consist of 
investments made as part of building and 
maintaining our liquidity buffer, and our 
investment portfolio which looks to optimise 
our returns in a safe way.
Treasury assets consist of fixed and floating 
rate coupon supranational bonds, gilts, 
covered bonds, asset-backed securities, 
and certificates of deposit. During the year 
we’ve continued to diversify our treasury 
portfolio to safely generate higher long-term 
returns than cash deposits held with the 
Bank of England. 
We continue to hold treasury investments 
to manage our interest rate risk, support 
liquidity and to grow our treasury asset 
portfolio which safely generates optimal 
returns. This business model is to hold these 
investments to maturity or to sell for portfolio 
rebalancing and optimisation purposes. The 
cash flows 
of these investments are solely payments 
of principal and interest. They are first 
measured at fair value then re-measured at 
fair value at each reporting date, with any fair 
value movements taken through other 
comprehensive income.
We’ve also designated a portfolio of fixed 
rate treasury investments, that are 
economically hedged with interest rate 
swaps, at fair value through profit and loss. 
In doing so we significantly reduce the 
accounting mismatch which would otherwise 
exist when measuring these treasury 
investments (amortised cost and/or fair value 
through other comprehensive) and interest 
swaps (fair value through profit and loss) on 
different bases.
The impairment loss allowance held against 
treasury investments is immaterial as the 
probability of default is negligible under any 
range of reasonable, probability-weighted 
scenarios. See Note 25 for more detail on 
credit risk.
At the end of the reporting period, £321.1m 
(FY2025: £231.0m) of our treasury 
investments were encumbered. Like other 
participants, we have to set aside collateral 
with our payment network providers in case 
we fail to settle amounts with them and have 
pledged £257.0m of treasury investments to 
do so (FY2025: £199.8m). Additionally, the 
terms of our swap agreements with our 
central clearing counterparty require us to 
provide upfront initial margin, for which 
we’ve pledged £64.1m of treasury 
investments (FY2025: £31.2m). We continue 
to recognise interest on all encumbered 
treasury investments.
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
UK Government debt 244,362 789,339
Supranational debt 843,842 1,399,622
Certificates of deposit 21,719 —
Total treasury investments at amortised cost 1,109,923 2,188,961
Covered bonds 241,627 112,532
Supranational debt 318,907 —
Asset-backed securities 1,089,938 484,054
Total treasury investments at FVOCI 1,650,472 596,586
UK Government debt 4,013,145 1,353,070
Supranational debt 2,630,337 1,225,308
Covered bonds 78,845 17,945
Total treasury investments at FVTPL 6,722,327 2,596,323
Total treasury investments 9,482,722 5,381,870
The interest earned on our treasury 
investments is included in Note 2, split by 
classification and measurement type. For 
further information on the fair value and 
contractual maturity of our treasury 
investments, see Notes 21 and 22 
respectively.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 140
\n[PAGE 141]\n13. Loans and advances to customers
Loans and advances to customers are made 
up of unsecured loans, Monzo Flex, approved 
overdrafts and overdrawn balances 
(unarranged overdrafts). We measure them 
under IFRS 9, first at fair value and then at 
amortised cost less impairment loss 
allowance.
The table shows the gross loans and 
advances to customers, the ECL on those 
balances, and the net carrying value. The 
figures are split out by the type of balance 
the customer has.
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances are made 
up of approved overdrafts of £543.9m 
(FY2025: £393.8m) and overdrawn balances 
on current accounts of £1.5m (FY2025: 
£9.1m). See Note 25 for more information on 
the credit loss expense in respect of 
overdrafts, overdrawn balances, and loans.
£'000 £'000
Gross
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances 545,434 402,876
Loans 1,253,146 897,426
Flex Loans 842,780 553,394
Total gross loans and advances to customers 2,641,360 1,853,696
Impairment loss allowance
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances (111,998) (83,013)
Loans (97,528) (81,429)
Flex Loans (119,909) (86,784)
Total impairment loss allowance (329,435) (251,226)
Net
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances 433,436 319,863
Loans 1,155,618 815,997
Flex Loans 722,871 466,610
Total net loans and advances to customers 2,311,925 1,602,470
Analysis of gross loans and advances to 
customers
Due within one year 1,594,905 1,152,965
Due in more than one year 1,046,455 700,731
Total gross loans and advances to customers 2,641,360 1,853,696
2026 2025
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 141
\n[PAGE 142]\n14. Other assets
Receivables
We recognise receivables first at fair value 
and then at amortised cost. We recognise 
ECLs under IFRS 9 against certain 
receivables. Our ECLs for the year are shown 
in Note 4. 
Receivables in respect of payment schemes
Represent cash balances which are due to be 
received from third party payment schemes. 
The settlement cycle is dependent on the 
scheme, but is usually within a few working 
days of the transaction. 
Lease receivable
See Note 16 for more details. 
Other receivables 
Represent amounts due from our partners, 
payment scheme providers and customers.
Accrued income
We recognise accrued income where we 
have earned income under our contracts with 
partners but have not yet invoiced those 
partners or received the cash due to us.
Inventory
We value inventory at the lower of cost and 
net realisable value. It includes bank cards 
held for sale in the ordinary course of 
business.
Prepayments
We recognise prepayments where we’ve 
bought goods or services that we haven’t yet 
used.
Derivative financial instruments
Represent interest rate swap derivatives used 
for hedging purposes. These are recorded at 
fair value and carried as assets when their fair 
value is positive and carried as liabilities when 
their fair value is negative.
Cash collateral receivable 
on interest rate swaps
Includes the variation margin we have to 
transfer to our counterparties on our interest 
rate swaps to cover negative fair value 
positions during the life of the swaps.
Receivables in respect of payments schemes 131,861 123,978
Lease receivable 29 329
Accrued income 2,082 4,986
Inventory 464 444
Prepayments 21,741 14,989
Cash collateral receivable on interest rate swaps 44,230 —
Other receivables 39,336 28,050
Deposits27 4,002 3,765
Derivative financial instruments — 9,640
Other investments 114 109
Total other assets 243,859 186,290
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Included within other assets are £220.9m 
(FY2025: £170.9m) of financial assets and 
£22.9m (FY2025: £15.4m) of non-financial 
assets. The credit quality of the financial 
assets is considered low risk.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 142
27 We have collapsed Collateral Held With Third Parties into Deposits for FY2026 and applied this retrospectively to 
FY2025.
\n[PAGE 143]\n15. Property, plant 
and equipment
We show items of property, plant and 
equipment at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment. Historical cost 
includes expenditure that’s directly 
attributable to the cost of the assets.
We recognise right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease. The Group 
has lease contracts for various offices and 
premises28 and IT infrastructure, see Note 16. 
We recognise depreciation on fixtures and 
fittings, which include office fit-out costs, on 
a straight-line basis over the life of the lease.
We depreciate all property, plant and 
equipment, and calculate it using the 
straight-line method to allocate the cost, net 
of residual values, over the estimated useful 
lives, as follows:
• Office and IT Equipment: 3 years
• Fixtures and fittings: 3–7 years
• Offices and premises: 2–7 years 
• IT infrastructure: 3 years
At the end of each reporting period we check 
to see whether there are signs that any of our 
assets could be impaired. The calculation of 
the recoverable amount includes key 
assumptions which impact the impairment 
calculation. There were no signs of 
impairment identified for FY2026. 
Cost
As at 1 April 2025 7,761 8,922 16,897 273 — 33,853
Additions — — — 154 55 209
Currency revaluation — (3) — — — (3)
Disposals — (7,530) — — — (7,530)
As at 31 March 2026 7,761 1,389 16,897 427 55 26,529
Depreciation
As at 1 April 2025 5,849 8,192 4,385 36 — 18,462
Charge for the year 375 392 2,479 107 — 3,353
Depreciation on assets disposed — (7,294) — — — (7,294)
Currency revaluation — (3) — — — (3)
As at 31 March 2026 6,224 1,287 6,864 143 — 14,518
Net book value as at 31 March 2026 1,537 102 10,033 284 55 12,011
Cost
As at 1 April 2024 7,711 9,320 18,252 218 — 35,501
Additions 50 286 — 273 — 609
Currency revaluation — (2) (78) — — (80)
Disposals — (682) (1,277) (218) — (2,177)
As at 31 March 2025 7,761 8,922 16,897 273 — 33,853
Depreciation
As at 1 April 2024 5,446 7,322 2,526 133 — 15,427
Charge for the year 403 1,417 2,714 89 — 4,623
Depreciation on assets disposed — (545) (807) (186) — (1,538)
Currency revaluation — (2) (48) — — (50)
As at 31 March 2025 5,849 8,192 4,385 36 — 18,462
Net book value as at 31 March 2025 1,912 730 12,512 237 — 15,391
Property, plant and equipment Right-of-use assets
Fixtures and 
fittings
Office and IT 
equipment
Offices and 
premises
IT 
infrastructure
Assets Under 
Construction Total
Group £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 143
28 Each of the floors in our London Office are independent of each other and qualify as a separate lease component.
\n[PAGE 144]\n16. Leases
Leases as lessee 
We recognise lease liabilities in Other 
liabilities, further information is included 
in Note 19.
At the start of a contract we assess whether it 
is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract 
gives us the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for a period of time in 
exchange for payment.
We apply a single recognition and 
measurement approach for all leases, except 
for short-term leases and leases of low-value 
assets. We recognise lease liabilities to make 
lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying 
assets. 
Lease liabilities
At the commencement date or on 
modification of the lease, we recognise lease 
liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease 
term. The lease payments include fixed 
payments less any lease incentives. None of 
our leases have variable lease payments. 
Where leases include extension options, and 
these options are reasonably certain to be 
exercised, we include the option to extend in 
the lease term.
In calculating the present value of lease 
payments, we used our estimated 
incremental borrowing rate (IBR) at the lease 
commencement date where the interest rate 
implicit in the lease is unavailable. After the 
commencement date, we increase lease 
liabilities to reflect the accumulation 
of interest and reduce them for lease 
payments made.
Incremental borrowing rate
We assess our IBR using our observable 
borrowing rate from our debt agreements.
Short-term leases and leases 
of low-value assets
We apply the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to leases with terms of 12 months 
or less, at the commencement date, and that 
do not contain a purchase option. We also 
apply the ‘lease of low-value assets’ 
recognition exemption to new leases of 
assets, worth less than £5k. We recognise 
lease payments on short-term leases and 
leases of low value assets as an expense on 
a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We’ve shown the following movements 
on lease liabilities during the year:
As at 31 March 2025 13,593 16,414
Additions 154 273
Interest expense on leases 1,676 1,861
Cash payments (926) (4,955)
As at 31 March 2026 14,497 13,593
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
The interest expense on leases shown above 
doesn’t include the unwinding of the discount 
on dilapidation provisions related to those 
leases. That’s included in Note 28.
We had total cash outflows for leases, not 
including short-term or low-value, of £0.9m 
in FY2026 (FY2025: £5.0m). We also had 
non-cash additions to right-of-use assets 
and lease liabilities in FY2026 of £0.2m 
(FY2025: £0.3m).
We’ve shown below the amounts relating to 
leases that have been recognised in profit or 
loss:
Interest expense on leases 1,676 1,861
Expense relating to low-value leases included 
in operating expenses 19 28
Total amount recognised in profit or loss 1,695 1,889
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 144
\n[PAGE 145]\nB. Leases as lessor
At the commencement of a sublease, we 
assess whether the lease is a finance or an 
operating lease. Where the lease transfers 
substantially all of the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of the underlying 
asset, it’s a finance lease; if not, it’s an 
operating lease. As part of this assessment, 
we consider certain indicators like whether 
the lease is for the major part of the economic 
life of the right-of-use asset.
Throughout the term of a finance lease, 
as a lessor, we recognise assets held under 
a finance lease in our statement of financial 
position and present them as a receivable at 
an amount equal to the net investment in the 
lease.
At the commencement of an operating lease, 
as a lessor, we recognise lease payments 
from operating leases as income on a 
straight-line basis.
Finance lease
See Note 2 for interest income on lease 
receivables.
The following table shows the maturity 
analysis of the lease receivables, showing the 
undiscounted lease payments to be received 
after the reporting date:
2026 2025
£’000 £’000
Maturity of  lease receivables
Less than one year 52 320
One to two years 0 53
Total undiscounted rental income receivable 52 373
Unearned finance income (9) (47)
Net investment in the lease 43 326
Operating Lease
The Group does not hold any operating 
leases at the balance sheet date, and did not 
at the prior balance sheet date. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 145
\n[PAGE 146]\n17. Customer deposits
We recognise customer deposit liabilities 
firstly at fair value and then at amortised cost.
The Group holds customer deposits at the 
end of the year of £25.7bn (FY2025: 
£16.6bn) which are held on demand. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 146
146Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026
\n[PAGE 147]\n18. Subordinated debt liability
We recognise subordinated debt liabilities 
initially at fair value less transaction costs and 
then at amortised cost. 
In March 2021, we entered into a 
subordinated debt arrangement for £25.0m 
at a rate of interest of 12% per year. We’ve 
drawn down 2 tranches (£10.0m and £5.0m) 
and have an additional £10m facility which 
remains undrawn as at 31 March 2026 
(FY2025: £10m). The contract term spans 10 
years and is due to mature on 7 March 2031. 
Interest expense incurred on our 
subordinated debt can be found in Note 2. 
For further information on the 
classification and contractual maturity of 
our subordinated debt liability, refer to 
Notes 21 and 22 respectively. 
£'000 £'000
As at 1 April 15,421 15,113
Interest Expense 2,149 2,108
Interest Paid (1,800) (1,800)
As at 31 March 15,770 15,421
2026 2025
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 147
\n[PAGE 148]\n19. Other liabilities
Customer funds in transit
These amounts represent cash balances 
which are due to be settled with third party 
payment network providers or third party 
savings accounts. The settlement cycle is 
dependent on the counterparty, but is usually 
within a few working days of the transaction. 
On settlement, we derecognise these 
amounts from the balance sheet. We 
recognise these amounts at amortised cost.
Provisions
We recognise provisions under IAS 37 
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets where we have present 
obligations arising from past events and the 
payment of the obligation can be reliably 
estimated and is probable. We’ve recognised 
provisions for the cost of returning leased 
office space to its original condition at the 
end of the lease. We also recognised 
provisions for professional service fees and 
customer remediation costs. See Note 28.
Deferred income
This represents amounts charged to, or 
received from customers and amounts 
received as part of Government grants, 
where we haven’t yet met the criteria to 
recognise the amounts as income.
Lease liabilities
For information on the recognition of lease 
liabilities please see Note 16. For an analysis 
of the contractual maturity of lease 
payments, see Note 22.
Warrant liabilities
We issued warrants in March 2021 which give 
holders the right to buy our shares in the 
future. These warrants have an exercise 
period of 10 years. We measure the fair value 
of warrants using a Black-Scholes option 
pricing model with any gain or loss on 
revaluation recognised in the statement of 
comprehensive income. Note 21 includes 
amounts relating to the gain or loss from 
revaluation.
Other
These amounts represent liabilities for goods 
and services provided to Monzo before the 
end of the financial year which are unpaid. 
The amounts are unsecured and paid in line 
with the specific terms agreed with the 
counterparty. We recognise them first at fair 
value and then at amortised cost.
Derivative financial instruments
This represents interest rate swap derivatives 
used for hedging purposes. These are 
recorded at fair value and carried as assets 
when their fair value is positive and carried as 
liabilities when their fair value is negative. The 
derivative was in an asset position at 31 
March 2025. (Note 20) 
Cash collateral payable on interest rate swaps
As part of margin requirements on our 
interest rate swaps we receive cash collateral 
to cover positive fair value positions during 
the life of the swaps. 
£'000 £'000
Customer funds in transit 313,254 301,420
Accounts payable, accruals and other creditors 198,384 85,212
Derivative financial instruments 42,015 —
Lease liabilities 14,497 13,593
Provisions 9,200 10,250
Deferred income 7,302 4,880
Other taxes and social security costs 4,240 8,926
Warrant liabilities 1,355 1,211
Cash collateral payable on interest rate swaps — 10,624
Total other liabilities 590,247 436,116
2026 2025
Included within other liabilities are £569.5m 
(FY2025: £412.1m) of financial liabilities and 
£20.7m (FY2025: £24.0m) of non-financial 
liabilities.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 148
\n[PAGE 149]\n20. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting
Accounting for derivatives
Derivative financial instruments are contracts 
whose value is derived from one or more 
underlying financial instruments or indices 
defined in the contract. They affect the 
Group’s net interest income, net trading 
income and other assets/liabilities. Notional 
amounts of the contracts are not recorded on 
the balance sheet. Our derivative positions 
consist of interest rate swaps, either in 
economic hedge relationships or used as 
cash flow hedges, and issued warrants.
We previously entered into bilateral 
agreements with various counterparties to 
purchase interest rate swaps. During FY2025 
we moved all of these positions to a central 
clearing counterparty, the London Clearing 
House (LCH). We classify our swaps as assets 
when their fair value is positive, or as 
liabilities when their fair value is negative, on 
a counterparty-by-counterparty basis. 
We have interest rate swaps that are used to 
economically hedge fair value interest rate 
risk on a portion of our fixed rate treasury 
investments. These investments are 
designated at FVTPL to significantly reduce 
income statement volatility which would 
otherwise exist on measuring the investments 
and interest rate swaps on different bases. 
We also have a portfolio of Interest rate 
swaps used as part of our risk management 
strategy to hedge variable interest rate risk 
on cash held at central banks. These interest 
rate swaps are designated in a cash flow 
hedge accounting relationship.
We apply the requirements of IFRS 9 
Financial Instruments for hedge accounting 
purposes to represent the economic effects 
of our interest rate risk management strategy 
on variable interest rate risk. When these 
swaps meet the required criteria for 
documentation and hedge effectiveness, we 
apply cash flow hedge accounting.
For qualifying cash flow hedges, the fair 
value gain or loss associated with the 
effective portion of the cash flow hedge is 
recognised initially in other comprehensive 
income, and then recycled to the income 
statement in the periods when the hedged 
item will affect profit or loss. Any ineffective 
portion of the gain or loss on the hedging 
instrument is recognised in the income 
statement immediately as hedge 
ineffectiveness.
When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, 
or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria 
for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or 
loss existing in equity at that time remains in 
equity and is recognised when the hedged 
item is ultimately recognised in the income 
statement. If the hedged cash flows are no 
longer expected to occur the cumulative gain 
or loss existing in equity will be immediately 
reclassified to the income statement.
As part of our group reorganisation in 
FY2024 we cancelled warrants issued by 
MBL and at the same time the warrants were 
re-issued from MBHG under the original 
terms. The warrants give holders the right to 
buy our shares in the future. These warrants 
have a remaining exercise period of 5 years. 
We measure the fair value of warrants using a 
Black-Scholes option pricing model with any 
gain or loss on revaluation recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income (see 
Note 21).
The fair value and notional amounts of 
derivative financial instruments of the Group 
are set out in the following table:
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 149
\n[PAGE 150]\n2026 2025
Fair value Fair value
Notional contract amount Assets Liabilities Notional contract amount Assets Liabilities
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Equity derivatives
Warrants 1,500 — (1,355) 1,500 — (1,211)
Derivatives in economic hedge relationships
Interest rate swaps29 6,705,550 — 57,908 2,578,713 10,607 —
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Interest rate swaps27 10,760,000 — (99,923) 5,046,000 (967) —
Total derivative financial instruments 17,467,050 — (43,370) 7,626,213 9,640 (1,211)
Hedge accounting
Hedge accounting is applied for interest rate 
risk arising from the volatility of variable 
linked interest rates. In order to hedge this 
risk, we use interest rate swaps to swap 
interest rate exposures from variable rates 
into fixed rates.
In all hedge accounting relationships, we 
designate benchmark interest rate risk (Bank 
of England base rate) as the risk component 
of the hedged items being hedged. 
Designating the benchmark interest rate risk 
results in other risks, such as credit risk and 
liquidity risk, being excluded from the hedge 
accounting relationship. Following market-
wide interest rate benchmark reform, 
sensitivity to risk-free rates is considered to 
be the predominant interest rate risk and 
therefore the hedged items change in fair 
value on a proportionate basis with reference 
to this risk. 
A hedged item or hedging instrument may 
change due to the nature of the risk 
management and hedge accounting strategy. 
It is possible that if the hedge accounting 
objective changes, the relevant hedge 
accounting relationship will be de-
designated and replaced with a different 
hedge accounting relationship.
The hedging instruments share the same risk 
exposures as the hedged items. To the extent 
hedging instruments are exposed to different 
risks than the hedged items, this could result 
in hedge ineffectiveness. 
Sources of ineffectiveness include the 
following:
• mismatches between the contractual terms 
of the hedged item and hedging instrument, 
including basis differences
• changes in credit risk of the hedging 
instruments
• if a hedging relationship becomes over-
hedged, for example if the net asset value 
designated at the start of the period falls 
below the amount of the hedging 
instrument; and
• cash flow hedges using external swaps with 
non-zero fair values.
The following table provides further 
information on the Group’s cash flow hedges 
designated in hedge accounting 
relationships:
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 150
29 Interest rate swap positions are presented within derivative financial instrument assets or liabilities per application of 
our master netting agreements.
\n[PAGE 151]\nNotional amount Derivative assets Derivative Liabilities
Change in fair value used as a 
basis to determine 
ineffectiveness Hedge ineffectiveness
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
As at 31 March 2026
Interest rate swaps 10,760,000 — (99,923) (101,062) 1,935
As at 31 March 2025
Interest rate swaps 5,046,000 (967) — 6,915 110
Hedge ineffectiveness for the year was 
recognised in other operating income within 
the income statement. The change in fair 
value of the hedged item, used as the basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness, was 
£98.8m (FY2025: £7.3m). 
Cash flow hedges
Interest rate swaps:
Notional (£'000) 510,000 2,060,000 8,190,000 10,760,000
Average fixed interest rate % 4.4 4.1 3.8 3.9
As at 31 March 2025
Interest rate swaps:
Notional (£’000) 51,000 625,000 4,370,000 5,046,000
Average fixed interest rate % 5.2 4.4 4.2 4.2
As at 31 March 2026
Up to 3 
months 3-12 months 1-5 years Total
At year-end all our cash flow hedges remain 
in continuing hedge accounting relationships, 
with no other amounts reclassified to the 
income statement other than hedge 
ineffectiveness.
The maturity and average fixed interest rate 
profile of our interest rate swaps designated 
as cash flow hedges is as follows:
A detailed reconciliation of the movements of 
the cash flow hedging reserve is as follows:
£'000 £'000
Balance on 1 April 5,057 990
Change in fair value of interest rate swaps in effective hedge 
relationships (107,977) 5,524
Amounts reclassified in relation to items affecting profit or loss 1,825 180
Tax 29,278 (1,637)
Balance on 31 March (71,817) 5,057
2026 2025
The amounts reclassified in relation to items 
affecting profit or loss are classified under 
other operating income within the statement 
of comprehensive income.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 151
\n[PAGE 152]\n21. Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
Fair value hierarchy
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
is the price that would be received or paid to 
transfer an asset or liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at 
the measurement date.
IFRS 13 has sought to make measurements 
at fair value more consistent and comparable 
by categorising fair value according to the 
hierarchy of the inputs used to measure 
them. These categories, from Level 1 to 
Level 3, are based on how observable the 
fair value is.
• Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets 
for identical assets or liabilities which we 
can access at the date of measurement.
• Level 2: Inputs other than quoted market 
prices included in Level 1 that are 
observable either directly or indirectly.
• Level 3: Inputs that are not based on 
observable market data.
We’ve summarised the fair values of financial 
assets and liabilities by the level of inputs.
Other investments relate to the equity in 
SWIFT which we bought in line with their 
terms of use. These are classified as Level 2 
assets, because although observable inputs 
are used, quoted market prices are not 
readily available. 
Financial Assets and Liabilities at fair value
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total fair value
As at 31 March 2026 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Financial assets
Other investments — 114 — 114
Treasury assets at FVTPL 6,722,327 — — 6,722,327
Treasury assets at FVOCI 1,650,472 — — 1,650,472
Total financial assets 8,372,799 114 — 8,372,913
Financial liabilities
Derivative financial instruments — 42,015 — 42,015
Warrant liabilities — — 1,355 1,355
Total financial liabilities — 42,015 1,355 43,370
As at 31 March 2025 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments — 9,640 — 9,640
Other investments — 109 — 109
Treasury assets at FVTPL 2,596,323 — — 2,596,323
Treasury assets at FVOCI 596,586 — — 596,586
Total financial assets 3,192,909 9,749 — 3,202,658
Financial liabilities
Warrant liabilities — — 1,211 1,211
Total financial liabilities — — 1,211 1,211
Warrant liabilities are valued using a Black 
Scholes option pricing model. These are 
classified as Level 3 liabilities. The most 
significant inputs are the current share price 
of Monzo and volatility inputs. Monzo’s share 
price is unobservable and has the most 
material impact on warrant liability valuation. 
A 5% change in Monzo’s share price would 
result in a £0.1m income or expense 
recognised in our income statement.
Interest rate swaps are valued using forward 
interest rate curves, made from market data 
to project and discount the expected future 
cash flows of trades. These are classified as 
Level 2 assets. Inputs are considered 
observable as they relate to liquid maturities 
and are determined separately for each input 
and underlying.
Treasury assets at FVTPL relate to fixed rate 
instruments designated at FVTPL. These are 
classified as Level 1 assets. These include UK 
government debt, supranational debt and 
covered bonds which have been 
economically hedged using interest rate 
swaps. Fair value is determined by reference 
to a quoted market price for that instrument.
Treasury assets at FVOCI relate to 
investments we have elected to hold either to 
maturity or sell for portfolio rebalancing and 
optimisation purposes. These include floating 
rate covered bonds and asset backed 
securities. These are classified as Level 1 
assets as fair value is determined by 
reference to a quoted market price for that 
instrument.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 152
\n[PAGE 153]\nLevel 3 movement analysis 
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Warrant liabilities 1,211 — 144 — 1,355
Financial liabilities at fair value through the 
income statement 1,211 — 144 — 1,355
As at 1 April 2025 Additions
Losses recognised in the 
statement of other 
comprehensive income
Gains and losses 
recognised in other 
comprehensive income As at 31 March 2026
As at 1 April 2024 Additions
Losses recognised in the 
statement of other 
comprehensive income
Gains and losses 
recognised in other 
comprehensive income As at 31 March 2025
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Warrant liabilities 1,166 — 45 — 1,211
Financial liabilities at fair value through the 
income statement 1,166 — 45 — 1,211
All gains and losses recognised in the income 
statement in relation to Level 3 assets and 
liabilities are unrealised. Unrealised gains or 
losses relate to changes in fair value on 
assets and liabilities that are still held at the 
year-end reporting date.
There were no significant transfers between 
Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, 
or into and out of Level 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy.
The gains or losses are recognised within 
the other operating expense line item of 
the statement of comprehensive income.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 153
\n[PAGE 154]\nFinancial assets and liabilities 
recognised at amortised cost
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total fair value
Total carrying 
value
As at 31 March 2026 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents — 15,450,659 — 15,450,659 15,450,659
Treasury investments 1,109,210 — — 1,109,210 1,109,923
Loans and advances to customers — — 2,307,231 2,307,231 2,311,925
Other assets — 220,773 41 220,814 220,814
Total financial assets 1,109,210 15,671,432 2,307,272 19,087,914 19,093,321
Financial liabilities
Customer deposits — 25,715,953 — 25,715,953 25,715,953
Subordinated debt liability — 14,831 — 14,831 15,770
Other liabilities — 511,637 14,497 526,134 526,133
Total financial liabilities — 26,242,421 14,497 26,256,918 26,257,856
Net asset position 1,109,210 (10,570,989) 2,292,775 (7,169,004) (7,164,535)
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total fair value
Total carrying 
value
As at 31 March 2025 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents — 11,021,763 — 11,021,763 11,021,763
Treasury investments 2,189,900 — — 2,189,900 2,188,961
Loans and advances to customers — — 1,592,312 1,592,312 1,602,470
Other assets — 161,126 — 161,126 161,126
Total financial assets 2,189,900 11,182,889 1,592,312 14,965,101 14,974,320
Financial liabilities
Customer deposits — 16,599,371 — 16,599,371 16,599,371
Subordinated debt liability — 15,512 — 15,512 15,421
Other liabilities — 397,261 13,593 410,854 410,854
Total financial liabilities — 17,012,144 13,593 17,025,737 17,025,646
Net asset position 2,189,900 (5,829,255) 1,578,719 (2,060,636) (2,051,326)
Basis of valuation
Cash and cash equivalents
We consider fair value to approximate 
carrying value because cash and cash 
equivalents have minimal credit risk and are 
short-term in nature, other than amounts held 
as collateral with central banks.
Loans and advances to customers
We’ve determined the fair value of the 
overdrafts and loans by discounting the gross 
carrying value to present value, using market 
interest rates, less expected credit losses and 
considering the quality of positions in the 
portfolio to assess an arm’s length value.
Treasury investments
We’ve taken the fair value of investments 
with an active market from the market price 
available at year-end. 
Customer deposits
We consider the fair value of deposit liabilities 
held on demand to approximate the 
carrying value.
Subordinated debt liability
We calculate the present value of future cash 
flows, using our market interest rate and by 
also applying a marketability discount.
Other assets and other liabilities 
We consider the fair value of other assets and 
liabilities to approximate the carrying value.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 154
\n[PAGE 155]\n22. Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk is the risk that we fail to meet 
our obligations as they fall due or can only do 
so at exceptional cost. We manage this risk 
by ensuring we have the right type and 
quantity of funds available when necessary, 
in the correct currency. 
Contractual maturity of financial 
assets and liabilities
Our liquidity risk appetite is to meet all 
liabilities as they fall due under business as 
usual scenarios, and to make sure we have 
liquidity buffers for a set of stress events. The 
contractual maturities of financial assets and 
liabilities are calculated on the contractual 
cash flows and are disclosed undiscounted in 
the following table.
As at 31 March 2026 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Gross financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 14,784,240 19,155 — — 647,264 15,450,659
Treasury investments — 479,745 521,307 1,887,574 7,602,794 10,491,420
Loans and advances to customers 531,424 843,874 235,329 350,349 1,046,455 3,007,431
Other assets 152,805 70,355 968 106 4,117 228,351
Total gross financial assets 15,468,469 1,413,129 757,604 2,238,029 9,300,630 29,177,861
Financial liabilities
Customer deposits 25,715,953 — — — — 25,715,953
Other liabilities - excluding lease liabilities 113,129 393,469 — — 13,830 520,428
Lease liabilities — 1,243 1,172 2,313 13,579 18,307
Subordinated debt liability — 449 454 898 22,092 23,893
Derivative financial instruments — 3,652 579 (995) 41,477 44,713
Total financial liabilities 25,829,082 398,813 2,205 2,216 90,978 26,323,294
Net asset position (10,360,613) 1,014,316 755,399 2,235,813 9,209,652 2,854,567
On demand Less than three months Between three and six months Between six months and one year Over one year Total
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 155
\n[PAGE 156]\nOn demand Less than three months Between three and six months Between six months and one year Over one year Total
As at 31 March 2025 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Gross financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 10,565,774 14,869 30 — 441,090 11,021,763
Treasury investments — 341,160 347,162 1,237,456 4,039,656 5,965,434
Loans and advances to customers 392,420 564,955 168,541 244,819 738,887 2,109,622
Other assets 104,485 52,381 261 211 3,927 161,265
Derivative financial instruments — (6,061) (727) 2,655 15,128 10,995
Total gross financial assets 11,062,679 967,304 515,267 1,485,141 5,238,688 19,269,079
Financial liabilities
Customer deposits 16,599,371 — — — — 16,599,371
Other liabilities - excluding lease liabilities 77,258 309,426 — — 11,789 398,473
Lease liabilities — 286 214 502 18,207 19,209
Subordinated debt liability — 449 454 898 23,887 25,688
Total financial liabilities 16,676,629 310,161 668 1,400 53,883 17,042,741
Net asset position (5,613,950) 657,143 514,599 1,483,741 5,184,805 2,226,338
Our undrawn overdraft and flex commitments 
of £3.2bn (FY2025: £2.1bn) are 
unconditionally cancellable.
Our Treasury team manages and monitors 
liquidity risk on a daily basis. The Asset and 
Liability Committee (ALCo) meets on a 
monthly basis and monitors the reporting and 
management of liquidity risk. We currently 
hold our surplus assets in overnight deposits 
with central banks and in high quality liquid 
treasury assets which can be liquidated on 
demand to generate liquidity and support any 
short term funding needs. The key metrics 
we use to monitor liquidity risk are the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and our 
internal Liquidity Risk Appetite metric. 
At year-end and at all times throughout the 
year, we were significantly in excess of our 
internal risk appetite and regulatory 
requirements. 
We perform liquidity risk stress testing at 
least annually as part of the ILAAP as noted in 
the Group Directors’ Report on page 102. The 
current and forecasted level of liquidity is 
tracked against Board approved limits at 
ALCo, ERCC and GBRC.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 156
\n[PAGE 157]\nThe table below gives further detail on the 
longer dated contractual maturity profiles of 
our treasury portfolio and cash at bank:
Less than three 
months
Between three 
and six months
Between six 
months and one 
year
One to two 
years
Two to three 
years
Three to four 
years
More than four 
years Total
As at 31 March 2026 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Cash and cash equivalents 14,803,395 — — — — — 647,264 15,450,659
Treasury investments 479,745 521,307 1,887,574 2,914,571 1,481,772 1,868,920 1,337,531 10,491,420
Derivative financial instruments (3,652) (579) 995 (24,806) (17,220) (8,413) 8,962 (44,713)
Total 15,279,488 520,728 1,888,569 2,889,765 1,464,552 1,860,507 1,993,757 25,897,366
Our treasury assets have a weighted average 
tenor of 2.4 years. Cash at bank with a 
maturity of more than 4 years relates to 
encumbered cash held at the Bank of 
England; It is required to support our 
payment schemes and varies with the volume 
of transactions our customers make.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 157
\n[PAGE 158]\n23. Capital risk management
Capital risk is the risk that we don’t have the 
quantity or quality of capital resources to 
meet our capital requirements and to absorb 
unexpected losses if they were to occur. 
Causes of inadequate capital could include a 
high level of default on our lending, or having 
large unexpected operational losses.
We continue to maintain capital ratios that 
exceed our minimum requirements under the 
Capital Requirement Directive V (CRD V) 
regulatory framework, as adopted by the UK 
after Brexit. Full details of our regulatory 
capital and calculation of our regulatory total 
capital requirement are given in the Pillar 3 
report published on our website. We perform 
capital stress testing at least annually as part 
of the ICAAP. The ICAAP includes a 5 year 
forecast of our capital position and is used to 
inform the future capital strategy. We also 
use stress testing in our going concern 
assessment as detailed in the Group 
Directors’ Report on page 102. We submit it 
to the PRA following Board scrutiny and 
approval.
The ICAAP assesses our Pillar 1 requirements 
using the Standardised/Basic Indicator 
approaches (for respectively credit risk and 
operational risk capital) and determines 
additional Pillar 2A capital to be held for 
those risks not captured or not fully captured 
by Pillar 1 capital. As at 31 March 2026 we 
calculate our PRA buffer requirements based 
on losses that may arise under a severe stress 
scenario and assessment of the regulatory 
determined capital conservation and 
countercyclical buffers.
We perform robust capital planning over our 
5 year forecasting horizon to assess the 
impacts of our strategy and changing 
regulatory expectations to make sure we 
understand the future demands on our capital 
and plan accordingly.
Key capital risk metrics
Our key capital metric is the current and 
projected surplus of capital resources over 
regulatory capital requirements. We also 
monitor the CET1 ratio. Currently our capital 
resources consist of paid up share capital, 
share premium and Tier 2 debt. As at 
31 March 2026 our CET1 ratio was 33% 
(FY2025: 56%) (unaudited). The decrease in 
CET1 ratios during the year is predominantly 
due to higher risk weighted assets (RWAs) 
reflecting increased operational risk RWAs.
During the year ended 31 March 2026, we 
complied in full with all our externally 
imposed capital requirements. 
Basel 3.1
The PRA’s Basel 3.1 final rules are now 
published and apply from 1 January 
2027. Monzo continues to engage with the 
PRA regarding the expected impact on own 
funds requirements, and is currently 
developing reporting and capital planning 
processes to incorporate the changes to 
credit, market and operational risk 
methodologies. 
Changes to disclosure requirements will 
be introduced in the Monzo Bank Holdings 
Group Limited consolidated and Monzo Bank 
Limited large subsidiary Pillar 3 reports 
published in respect of 31 March 2027.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 158
\n[PAGE 159]\n24. Market risk management
Interest rate risk
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
(IRRBB) is the risk of an adverse impact to 
earnings or capital due to changes in the 
interest rates. IRRBB is measured using a 
combination of earnings and economic 
value of equity (EVE) metrics.
IRRBB consists of the following risks:
• Gap or duration risk – when the re-pricing 
of banking book products (assets and 
liabilities) is mismatched across time 
buckets
• Basis risk – when banking book items re-
price in relation to different reference rates, 
like the central bank base rate
• Optionality risk – when our customers and 
counterparties have choices within their 
contracts with us, like the ability to repay at 
a different point in time. 
Our net interest rate risk comes through 
unsecured lending, deposit-taking, treasury 
investments, and funding activities. 
We manage the risk of banking book 
positions in line with our risk appetite 
framework and our regulatory constraints. 
Our governance committees monitor these 
risks, including the ALCo which evaluates 
new initiatives and risks.
Our Treasury team monitors interest rate risk 
regularly. They are overseen by our Risk 
function and report into the ALCo on a 
monthly basis. The Treasury team, together 
with the business, is responsible for balance 
sheet management and implementing 
hedging strategies to manage interest 
rate risk.
We monitor the sensitivity of both our 
earnings (net interest income) and the EVE 
interest rate sensitive balance sheet items to 
a variety of interest rate shocks. This includes 
the six EVE scenarios prescribed under 
Article 17a of the Disclosure (CRR) part of the 
PRA Rulebook on the management of interest 
rate risk arising from non-trading book 
activities. We apply a floor to the yield curve 
used in IRRBB analysis. The following table 
shows the indicative impact on annual 
interest income under a 100 basis point 
parallel interest rate shock at the year-end 
date and the economic value of equity under 
a 250 basis point shock:
2026 2025
Impact to annual interest income (£'000) +100bps 22,888 21,659
Impact to annual interest income (£'000) - 100bps (23,924) (22,130)
Impact as percentage of Net Assets at year end  1.86%  1.77% 
Impact on the Economic Value of Equity (£’000) +250bps (56,307) (33,028)
Impact on the Economic Value of Equity (£’000) -250bps 54,600 29,384
The increase in our EVE sensitivity is 
materially driven by the changes in balance 
sheet composition and specific management 
actions taken to manage Net Interest Income 
sensitivity. 
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises from having 
assets and liabilities in currencies other than 
Sterling. 
This risk can be split into two components:
1 .  T r a n s a c t i o n a l  f o r e i g n  e x c h a n g e  s h o r t - t e r m
N o n - t r a d i n g  f o r e i g n  c u r r e n c y  e x p o s u r e  t h a t  
arises from specific cashflows in the normal 
course of business. 
At Monzo, this risk arises mainly due to 
foreign-currency supplier payments and 
more recently, our multi-currency accounts.
At year-end, our main exposure to 
transactional foreign exchange was on 
balances held in US Dollars and Euros for use 
in day-to-day operations.
These balances are monitored and hedged 
daily and we consider the risk of fluctuations 
in foreign exchange rates on these balances 
to be immaterial.
2. Structural foreign exchange
Long-term, non-trading foreign currency 
exposure that the bank holds for strategic 
purposes. 
At Monzo, this is a new risk which arises due 
to the euro capital downstreamed to Monzo 
Bank Europe and the corresponding euro Risk 
Weighted Assets. At year-end, this 
represented our main exposure to foreign 
exchange risk.
We plan to manage exposure to structural 
foreign exchange risk in line with internally 
agreed thresholds for the impact on CET1 
ratio caused by changes in foreign exchange 
rates.
We also manage the overall foreign exchange 
risk in line with the 2% own funds regulatory 
threshold. When our exposure to this risk 
concludes above this threshold, we 
recognise a capital requirement for this.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 159
\n[PAGE 160]\n25. Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss when 
customers or other counterparties fail to 
meet their contractual obligations to us or fail 
to perform their obligations in a timely 
manner.
We currently offer overdrafts, short-term 
unsecured loans, credit cards (Monzo Flex) 
and business loans which generate interest 
income for us. Lending creates credit risk as 
borrowers might fail to pay the interest or the 
principal due. As a material risk, there’s 
significant management focus on setting 
credit risk appetite and monitoring and 
managing the credit risk in the portfolio. 
Credit risk management
The Borrowing Collective monitors and 
manages credit risk across all lending 
portfolios and the Risk and Compliance 
function oversees it as the Second Line of 
Defence. The process of measuring and 
managing credit risk is governed principally 
at the Credit Risk Committee, which the 
Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee 
(ERCC) oversees, along with lending criteria 
and policy. In addition, the Board approves 
the overall risk appetite. 
The Credit Risk Committee oversees the 
credit risk performance of our lending 
portfolios and ensures it is managed in line 
with policies and risk appetite. This includes 
reviewing risk appetite metrics, financial 
accounting measures and credit performance 
trends on new lending positions 
(originations), existing portfolios and 
collections and recoveries. This management 
information also includes IFRS 9 related 
measures such as probability of default (PD) 
and loss amounts. We use these in 
combination with other metrics to inform our 
business strategy. Overarching appetite 
measures are tracked by the ERCC and Board 
Risk Committee (BRC). 
Treasury wholesale credit risk is managed in 
line with our Wholesale Credit Risk Policy 
which sets out our minimum standards, 
governance and controls associated with 
wholesale credit risk management. 
New treasury counterparties are subject to 
internal credit assessments and must be pre-
approved by an ALCo sub-committee before 
an investment is made. All of our treasury 
assets must hold an investment grade 
external credit rating. Our counterparty 
relationships and the credit risk on the 
investments we hold are reviewed on at least 
an annual basis by ALCo.
Wholesale credit risk is monitored and 
managed through ALCo with onward 
reporting to the Board as needed.
Credit risk mitigation
Retail credit risk is mitigated through the use 
of robust assessment criteria and processes 
at the point of origination together with active 
customer management practices. 
We use lending criteria when assessing 
applications for borrowing products to 
determine creditworthiness and affordability 
capacity. These criteria are aligned to 
regulation and our risk appetite. The general 
assessment process considers application 
data provided by the customer at the point 
of application alongside relevant historical 
credit performance data held by credit 
reference agencies. Lending criteria are 
designed to consider the current and 
emerging risks for the UK and Global 
economies, in a way to safeguard against 
material credit losses.
We actively manage our lending exposure, 
with our risk appetite set to ensure the 
portfolio remains resilient through the credit 
cycle. The risk appetite measures are subject 
to regular monitoring, with mitigating actions 
recommended by the management if those 
are breached. 
Treating customers fairly is at the heart of 
what we do in Monzo. We adopt a proactive 
approach on contacting customers in 
potential or actual financial difficulty to 
discuss their individual circumstances. Where 
we identify a customer as being vulnerable or 
in financial difficulty, we offer a range of 
support, tools and assistance (or direct them 
to external organisations that can provide 
extra support). This ensures we provide a 
tailored solution for each customer, which 
helps to both support our customers and 
achieve good customer outcomes.
We have a range of support options including 
formal and informal forbearance treatments, 
available for all customer levels of 
affordability and for those in long or short-
term financial difficulties.
We also give additional support to vulnerable 
customers depending on their circumstances 
(for example, through our gambling spend 
block, or lending blocks). Financial health 
uses processes that link to our vulnerable 
customer strategy. As part of this, our agents 
can proactively apply vulnerability flags or 
add spending and gambling blocks to 
customer accounts. The financial health team 
is able to support customers with most 
vulnerabilities. Where there is a risk of harm 
the financial health team will transfer the 
customer to our specialist vulnerable team 
for tailored support. 
We’ve continued to improve our options for 
supporting customers, including introducing 
more options for customers to share their 
circumstances or access forbearance directly 
in the app and more regular reviews of 
repayment plans.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 160
\n[PAGE 161]\nSolution type Description Eligible customers
Promise to Pay / Multi-Catch-up Arrangement to repay with paused collections contact Customers can clear arrears in a short timeframe (maximum 3 months)
Breathing space 30 or 60 days without contact Customers seeking debt advice 
Health & wellbeing hold 30 days hold with reminders for medical evidence Customers who are vulnerable and seeking medical write-off
Interest-bearing repayment plan Short-term scheduled repayment plan Customers can repay their debt in a reasonable period of time 
Interest waiving repayment plan Long-term scheduled repayment plan with interest suppressed Customers can make payments over a longer period of time to clear 
their debt 
Zero-payment plan A plan where the customer can make nominal payments or no 
payments. No interest, and regular affordability reviews to reassess 
circumstances, default registered if customer can’t move to an 
acceptable plan within 12 months.
Customer can make nominal payments or cannot afford any 
repayment offer
Debt write-off Debt is reduced to zero Vulnerable customers with exceptional circumstances (for example, 
terminal illness)
Impairment Loss Allowance 
To account for the credit risk in the portfolio, 
we reduce the value of the assets on the 
balance sheet using an impairment loss 
allowance under the IFRS 9 accounting 
standard. IFRS 9 requires the calculation of 
an expected credit loss (ECL) for assets on 
the balance sheet held at amortised cost or 
fair value through other comprehensive 
income. 
The MBL CFO chairs the Impairment Council 
which is the governance forum responsible 
for the IFRS 9 impairment loss allowance. The 
Impairment Council oversees both the 
process of estimating ECL and the design 
effectiveness of the control framework 
outlined in the Monzo IFRS 9 Impairment 
Policy. The Impairment Council oversees all 
aspects of impairment adequacy, including 
controls, model appropriateness, and forward 
looking assessments of economic and 
idiosyncratic risks.
Impairment Loss Allowance 
under IFRS 9
IFRS 9 requires financial institutions to use 
unbiased models to estimate ECL on a range 
of likely outcomes. Under the IFRS 9 
standard, assets are classified into the 
following three stages.
• Stage 1: Assets that haven’t had a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition. For these assets, a 12-month 
ECL is recognised and interest income is 
calculated on the gross carrying amount of 
the asset. The 12-month ECL represents the 
expected credit loss resulting from a 
default event within 12 months following 
the reporting date.
• Stage 2: Assets that have experienced a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition but that don’t have objective 
evidence of impairment are classified as 
Stage 2. The provision held against these 
assets is based on a lifetime ECL, where 
interest income is still calculated on the 
gross carrying amount of the asset. The 
lifetime ECL is the expected credit losses 
that result from default events over the 
expected life of the asset.
• Stage 3: For assets that have objective 
evidence of impairment at the reporting 
date and meet our accounting definition of 
default, a lifetime ECL is recognised and 
interest income is calculated on the 
carrying amount net of the impairment loss 
allowance.
Significant accounting estimates 
The calculation of expected credit losses is 
complex and involves the use of judgement 
and assumptions. Our estimates are driven by 
a number of factors, including:
• macroeconomic scenarios and 
corresponding probability weightings
• the likelihood of default
• the amount of loss if default occurs
• our assessment of significant increases 
in credit risk.
These estimates are driven by empirical data 
augmented by management judgement 
where required.
Wholesale and Other assets
We’ve applied the low credit risk exemption 
for wholesale assets including Treasury 
investments and assets held with central 
banks. This exemption allows us to assume 
that the credit risk on these instruments 
hasn’t significantly increased since initial 
recognition if they were considered to have 
a low credit risk.
Low credit risk is defined when there is a low 
risk of default, the borrower has a strong 
capacity to meet their short-term obligations 
and adverse changes in economic and 
business conditions will not necessarily 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 161
\n[PAGE 162]\nreduce the ability of the borrower to meet 
their longer term obligations.
For wholesale assets that hold an external 
credit rating, we use external insights into the 
cumulative expected default and loss rates 
attributable to these ratings to determine the 
12-month ECL for each asset. 
For non-rated wholesale counterparties, the 
exposures are short-term in nature and are 
reviewed regularly. If required, an ECL is 
raised on a judgemental basis taking into 
account the likelihood of loss. ECL for non-
rated wholesale counterparties is £9k 
(FY2025: £13k).
We also applied a simplified approach to 
other trade receivables which are short-term 
in nature and for which the lifetime ECL does 
not exceed the 12-month ECL.
Expected Credit Loss modelling
The expected credit loss is the anticipated 
shortfalls from the contractual cash flows 
over the expected life of a financial asset, 
allowing for the time value of money. The 
ECL is calculated at the individual financial 
instrument level, but a collective approach 
(grouping financial instruments with similar 
risk characteristics together) is used where 
effects can only be seen at a collective level, 
for example, for forward-looking information. 
The assets are grouped into homogenous 
segments by lending product as these share 
similar risk characteristics. The results of any 
collective modelling approach are applied at 
the individual asset level. The impairment 
model calculates the ECL at an account level 
by multiplying the probability of default (PD), 
exposure at default (EAD) and the loss given 
default (LGD) and discounting using the 
original effective interest rate (EIR) or an 
appropriate approximation. 
• Probability of Default (PD) represents the 
likelihood of a customer defaulting on their 
borrowing product over a suitable time 
frame (the next 12 months or the remaining 
lifetime). 
• Exposure at Default (EAD) estimates the 
amount expected to be owed by the 
customer at the point of default. For 
overdrafts and Monzo Flex, the EAD is 
calculated by taking the current drawn 
balance and adding an appropriate credit 
conversion factor that allows for the 
expected drawdown of the remaining limit 
by the time of default. For loans, the EAD is 
calculated based on the contractual 
repayment schedule and accounts for 
missed payments and accrued interest up 
to the point of default.
• Loss Given Default (LGD) represents the 
expected loss (expressed as % of the 
exposure) in the case of a default event.
The ECL represents a weighted average of 
the expected credit loss across a wide range 
of plausible macroeconomic scenarios.
Expected lifetime
The expected lifetime of a financial asset is 
generally equal to the contractual term. For 
unsecured personal and limited company 
loans, the life is taken as the contractual term. 
For revolving products, such as overdrafts 
and Monzo Flex, credit losses are assessed 
over the period that there is exposure to 
credit risk. The current expected lifetime 
used in calculating the ECL for overdrafts and 
Monzo Flex is 5 years.
ECL model governance
IFRS 9 models are governed by Monzo’s 
Model Risk Framework, owned by the CRO 
and approved by the Group Board Risk 
Committee. Credit Risk Policy is owned by the 
Borrowing General Manager and approved by 
the Credit Risk Committee. ECL models are 
developed and approved according to 
specific standards, with high materiality 
changes approved by the CFO.
All models undergo second-line review, 
validation, and monitoring. Post Model 
Adjustments (PMAs) are governed by 
Monzo’s Impairment Policy and PMA 
Standard, categorised into modelled PMAs 
and non-modelled PMAs. PMAs are 
approved by the CFO at the Impairment 
Council and subject to proportionate 
independent validation and governance.
Determining a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial 
recognition 
Under the IFRS 9 standard, financial 
institutions are required to assess if there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk 
(SICR) since initial recognition for assets that 
don’t meet the accounting definition of 
default (Stage 3). A combination of qualitative 
and quantitative criteria are used to 
determine if a SICR event has occurred. 
The following criteria are used to attribute the 
stage for March 2026.
Quantitative
Quantitative criteria are used to identify if a 
significant increase in credit risk has occurred 
based on the PD of the account. The reporting 
lifetime PD is compared against the origination 
lifetime PD, and if it exceeds both a relative 
and absolute threshold it is assigned stage 2. 
This comparison is based on annualised 
lifetime PD, whereby the PD is divided by the 
remaining forecasted life of the loan. The 
absolute and relative thresholds for March 
2026 are given below:
• Relative: 1.25× – 2.75× dependent on the 
lifetime PD at origination
• Absolute: 2.5% – 3.5% increase in 
annualised lifetime PD
Qualitative
Qualitative criteria are also used to determine 
if a significant increase in credit risk has 
occurred. The criteria for March 2026 are 
given below:
• Concessions are made to a customer in 
financial difficulty (Forbearance). Note that 
this excludes treatments that offer interest 
concessions (these are captured as part of 
the stage 3 definition).
• Pulling effect. If a customer has multiple 
products with Monzo, and one of these 
products is considered to be either in 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 162
\n[PAGE 163]\ndefault (stage 3), arrears past a threshold 
(varies by product) or is in Forbearance, 
then all other products for this customer are 
classified as stage 2.
Backstop
The 30 days past due backstop is not 
rebutted. In cases where earlier arrears are 
considered to be a strong indication of future 
inability to pay, accounts are classified as 
stage 2 earlier in their arrears cycle.
Stage 2 Cure 
Accounts that have been transferred into 
stage 2 due to quantitative criteria are 
transferred back to stage 1 as soon as they no 
longer meet them. However, accounts that 
have been transferred to stage 2 due to the 
backstop or forbearance qualitative criteria 
are kept in stage 2 for 4 months after they no 
longer meet these conditions. 
Definition of default and credit-
impaired assets 
We consider a financial instrument to meet 
the accounting definition of default and 
therefore be classified as Stage 3 (credit-
impaired) for ECL calculations when the 
borrower is considered unlikely to pay or is 
90 days past due on their credit obligation. 
For overdrafts, this is measured as 90 
consecutive calendar days where the 
account is above its credit limit, or overdrawn 
without an agreed limit. For loans and Monzo 
Flex products this is measured as more than 
three instalments behind the agreed monthly 
repayment schedule.
As part of a qualitative assessment of whether 
a customer meets the accounting definition of 
default, we consider a variety of events that 
indicate unlikeliness to pay. Events that 
trigger stage 3 classification include:
• The customer files for bankruptcy, an 
Individual Voluntary Agreement, a Debt 
Relief Order, or a Debt Arrangement 
Scheme.
• The customer is deceased.
• The repayment terms have been 
renegotiated because the customer’s 
condition has deteriorated. As an example, 
this includes cases where a specific 
repayment plan has been agreed and 
interest has been frozen.
• The customer has requested ‘breathing 
space’ or ‘Debt Respite’ – when we agree to 
give the customer some time where we 
won’t contact them about their arrears at all 
and we freeze fees and interest.
If a concession is made to a customer in 
financial difficulty (this is known as 
forbearance), or for other commercial reasons, 
there can be a temporary modification to 
contractual cash flows. When this occurs, the 
gross carrying value of a financial asset is not 
impacted, and thus no gain or loss is taken to 
the income statement beyond any increase in 
ECL. Where we grant a financial concession to 
a customer we treat them as credit impaired 
and transfer them to Stage 3.
An account is considered to have exited 
default (cured) and therefore re-classified 
out of Stage 3 when a probation period has 
passed (measured from when they last 
satisfied any of the default triggers). The 
probation period is 12 months for forbearance 
defaults, and 6 months for all other defaults. 
Forecast economic data
The IFRS 9 Standard requires banks to 
consider a range of plausible outcomes in 
estimating the ECL. The impairment position is 
determined using 4 distinct macro-economic 
scenarios which are provided by Oxford 
Economics and subject to internal review and 
challenge through the quarterly Economic 
Update Forum, chaired by the CFO.
1. The base case forecast (Base – 50% 
weighting): The US/Israel–Iran conflict 
reduces global growth and increases 
global inflation through higher energy and 
commodity prices. The Strait of Hormuz is 
impassable until May, leading to an 
average 2026 Q2 Brent oil price of 
$113pb. Domestic energy bills increase by 
20% in July. Already slowing momentum 
behind real household income growth is 
exacerbated by the ongoing war, 
weighing on consumption and growth 
more generally. UK GDP growth falls to 
0.4% for 2026 due to the impact of higher 
energy and fuel prices. Unemployment 
rises to a peak of 5.6% towards the end of 
2026 as higher inflation (peaking at 3.6% 
in 2026) passes through to firms already 
struggling with low profitability. The Bank 
of England maintains rates at 3.75% until 
late 2027 when inflation falls below the 
2% target. House price growth slows to 
1.4% in 2026 and 0.5% in 2027 as rates 
stay higher, incomes are hit and 
unemployment ticks upwards.
2. An upside scenario (Upside – 10% 
weighting): A boost to productivity from a 
successful wider take-up of AI increases 
world GDP growth to 3.4% in 2026, 
supported by stronger spending from 
consumers and businesses. The UK 
economy accelerates, recording growth 
of 1.9% in 2026 and 3% in 2027. The 
labour market tightens, and the 
unemployment rate falls to its recent 
decade-low of 3.6% by mid-2028. 
Supported by stronger sentiment, 
incomes and employment, residential 
house prices pick up faster in 2026. Cost-
push pressures from higher commodity 
prices and demand-pull forces increase 
inflation, causing the Bank of England to 
change direction and increase rates to a 
peak of 5% by Q3 2026. 
3. A downside scenario (Downside 1 – 30% 
weighting): The downside scenario 
results in a pronounced global recession 
in the near-term, capturing risks from 
heightened geopolitical uncertainty, 
escalating trade tensions, renewed 
increases in inflationary pressures, and 
financial market turmoil. The initial shock 
to demand across the world is 
exacerbated by much weaker consumer 
confidence and by business putting 
investment plans on hold. The subsequent 
recovery is subdued, as the combination 
of increased risk aversion, lower real 
incomes, and long-term scarring weigh 
heavily on the global economy, leading to 
hysteresis. By the end of the decade the 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 163
\n[PAGE 164]\nglobal economy remains around 5% 
smaller than in the base case. The UK 
economy faces weak demand, resulting in 
a contraction of 2.3% in 2026, compared 
with our already weakened baseline 
forecast of 0.4%. Amid severely 
dampened consumer confidence and 
higher unemployment, the recovery from 
the recession is slow. As a result, GDP 
only returns to its Q1 2026 level by 
mid-2030. Employment is also hit as 
companies lay off workers and roll out 
hiring freezes amid much weaker demand 
and higher uncertainty surrounding the 
outlook. The UK unemployment rate 
peaks at 7.1% in mid-2028. Reflecting the 
hysteresis in the economy, the labour 
market remains impaired throughout the 
scenario, with the unemployment rate still 
around 5.3% by end-2035. In turn, this 
leads to real incomes being squeezed 
further, accentuating the tumble in the 
property and asset markets. To counter 
the unfolding downturn, the BoE and 
other central banks re-commit to the rate 
cutting cycle much faster than expected 
in the base case. Despite the reduced 
pressure from currently elevated 
borrowing costs, the pronounced fall in 
asset prices, and the widening in risk 
premia, still lead to a sharp tightening in 
financial conditions. Lower incomes and 
increased unemployment force sellers 
into the residential property market. As 
the price downturn is further exacerbated 
by lower confidence, UK house prices 
only start to recover gradually in 
late-2028.
4. A more severe downside scenario 
(Downside 2 – 10% weighting): The impact 
of the severe downside scenario on UK 
GDP is comparable to the magnitude of 
the shock experienced during the global 
financial crisis (GFC). By end-2027, GDP 
is expected to fall around 7.5% below the 
baseline forecast, which is similar to the 
peak-to-trough fall seen in 2008-09. 
Although the trajectories for bad loans, 
firm failures and bank credit standards are 
currently more favourable than they were 
around the GFC, further shocks, 
particularly unexpected consequences of 
a sharp correction in property prices, 
could result in broader financial stress. 
With monetary policy remaining tight in 
many advanced economies, recovery 
from such stress could be slow and 
uneven, resulting in a severe and 
prolonged impact on GDP, employment, 
and financial markets. This would result in 
a permanent output loss similar in 
magnitude to that following the GFC. The 
severe downside scenario sees a sharp 
and immediate drop in UK output (-3.8% 
q/q in Q2 2026, compared to +0.06% in 
the base case) and GDP does not recover 
until mid-2027 as financial stress remains 
elevated. Thereafter, the economy grows 
at a much slower pace – despite the 
significant scope for an economic 
rebound from the extreme lows – 
resulting in a permanent loss of output as 
the supply side remains impaired. By the 
end of the decade the economy remains 
more than 8.5% smaller compared to the 
base case. Unemployment in the UK 
climbs to 6.8% by end-2026 and peaks at 
7.6% in early-2028, which is 5ppts higher 
than in the base case. The unemployment 
rate only falls below 6% close to the final 
year of the scenario. The surge in 
unemployment and prolonged economic 
weakness triggers a sharp increase in 
personal insolvencies, comparable to the 
peak during the GFC. Company 
bankruptcies accelerate markedly given 
the extent of recession as well as 
reflecting that balance sheets are already 
fragile at the start of the scenario, 
particularly for smaller firms facing 
difficult credit conditions. The MPC 
aggressively cuts Bank Rate, to a low of 
1% by Q2 2027, as the impairment to the 
supply side and labour market remains 
considerable. UK house prices collapse, 
falling around 18% below their starting 
level at the trough and erasing all growth 
achieved since 2020. This downturn 
reflects the unparalleled hit to incomes, 
significantly diminished confidence and 
tighter credit conditions. With the size of 
the fall in house prices well in excess of 
the hit to incomes, valuations as 
measured by price-to-income ratios, drop 
sharply reaching levels last seen in the 
early 2000s.
The forward looking economic variables 
considered as inputs to the ECL calculation 
are (i) UK unemployment rate (ii) Debt service 
ratio (iii) Annual GDP growth and (iv) personal 
disposable income growth. These are 
combined using statistical techniques to 
estimate the relative change in default 
expectations within the different scenarios. 
These relative changes are then applied to 
adjust the ECL parameters for each scenario. 
To determine the suitable weighting factors 
used for the macro-economic scenarios 
we’ve considered the historical loss 
emergence of Monzo’s portfolios, Oxford 
Economics’ views, market consensus and a 
detailed scenario benchmark based on 
publicly available information.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 164
Scenario Probability Weights Upside Base Downside 1 Downside 2
31/03/2026  10%  50%  30%  10% 
31/03/2025  10%  50%  30%  10% 
\n[PAGE 165]\nGDP Growth 2025 (Actual) 1.3 1.3 1.3 1.3 1.3
2026 1.9 0.4 (2.3) (3.7) (0.7)
2027 3.0 1.0 (1.3) (2.6) 0.1
2028 2.6 1.8 1.3 0.9 1.6
2029 2.1 1.7 1.5 1.3 1.6
2030 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.5
Maximum 3.5 1.9 1.6 1.7 1.7
Minimum 1.4 0.4 (4.2) (6.6) (1.3)
Unemployment 2025 (Actual) 4.9 4.9 4.9 4.9 4.9
2026 5.1 5.5 6.0 6.1 5.6
2027 4.2 5.5 6.9 7.3 6.0
2028 3.6 4.9 7.0 7.6 5.7
2029 3.6 4.5 6.7 7.3 5.4
2030 3.6 4.3 6.4 6.9 5.1
Maximum 5.1 5.6 7.1 7.6 6.0
Minimum 3.6 4.2 5.8 5.9 5.0
Base Rate 2025 (Actual) 4.3 4.3 4.3 4.3 4.3
2026 4.4 3.7 3.2 3.0 3.6
2027 5.0 3.7 2.0 1.3 3.1
2028 4.7 3.1 1.8 1.0 2.6
2029 4.0 2.8 1.8 1.0 2.4
2030 3.3 2.6 1.8 1.0 2.3
Maximum 5.0 3.7 3.4 3.3 3.6
Minimum 3.0 2.5 1.8 1.0 2.2
Inflation (CPI) 2025 (Actual) 3.4 3.4 3.4 3.4 3.4
2026 4.1 3.6 2.8 2.5 3.3
2027 3.4 2.4 1.0 0.4 1.9
2028 2.3 1.7 1.2 0.9 1.5
2029 2.1 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.8
2030 1.8 1.8 1.5 1.5 1.7
Maximum 4.9 4.1 3.0 2.5 3.7
Minimum 1.8 1.6 0.4 (0.2) 1.2
Upside Base Downside 1 Downside 2 Weighted
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 165
\n[PAGE 166]\nThe following sensitivity table shows the modelled ECL (excluding post-model adjustments).
31/3/2026 £296,605 £313,288 £352,030 £369,635 £328,450
31/3/2025 £221,672 £234,052 £254,694 £265,812 £242,093
Economic Scenarios
Total Modelled Impairment allowance with 
100% Weighted scenarios (£000s) Upside Base Downside 1 Downside 2 Multiple Economic Scenario
Write-off 
A loan exposure is fully or partially written off 
against the related impairment loss allowance 
when there is no realistic prospect of 
recovering an asset in its entirety. The criteria 
for assessing that there is no realistic 
prospect of full recovery include the 
confirmation of insolvency, confirmation of 
deceased status and long-term arrears. 
Expected recoveries from written off financial 
assets subject to enforcement activity are 
recognised in the income statement.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 166
\n[PAGE 167]\nPost Model Adjustments (PMA)
The calculation of the ECLs for the purposes 
of assessing impairment loss allowance is 
complex and involves judgement. These 
adjustments reflect known model limitations 
or weaknesses or emerging economic risks. 
The MBL CFO, supported by the Impairment 
Council, has considered the uncertain macro-
economic environment and has approved the 
following PMAs to safeguard against 
emerging risks.
PMA FY2026 FY2025 Rationale
Model Performance PMAs £16.8m £14m These PMAs are in place to address 
underprediction/overprediction or 
performance issues in the underlying models 
to ensure the ECL reflects recent observed 
performance. They are held until the 
underlying models are redeveloped. 
Debt Sale Recoveries (£15.8m) (£10.1m) This PMA captures the effect of debt sale 
recoveries on the LGD which aren’t included 
in the core models. These estimates are 
supportable as debt sales have become 
more established. This PMA is held until 
enough recovery data under debt sales 
becomes available to incorporate in the core 
models.
Economic Risks £0m £5m A PMA was held at 31 March 2025 to capture 
the expected impact of US tariffs, which 
were not reflected in the economic scenarios 
given the timing of the announcements. The 
PMA was retired in June ‘25 when impacts 
were embedded in the economic scenarios.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 167
\n[PAGE 168]\nAnalysis of overdrafts, loans and flex by stage
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 2
Not Past 
Due
<= 30 Days 
Past Due
>30 Days 
Past Due Total Stage 3 Total
£’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
As at 31 March 2026
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances 330,886 145,020 2,089 18,036 165,145 49,403 545,434
Loans 1,017,997 147,474 16,351 10,773 174,598 60,551 1,253,146
Flex 634,805 138,529 14,835 10,559 163,923 44,052 842,780
Gross carrying amount 1,983,688 431,023 33,275 39,368 503,666 154,006 2,641,360
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances (22,028) (40,417) (532) (9,390) (50,339) (28,052) (100,419)
Undrawn overdraft commitments (7,811) (2,463) — — (2,463) (1,305) (11,579)
Loans (28,440) (20,408) (6,152) (7,335) (33,895) (35,193) (97,528)
Flex balances (25,155) (50,130) (7,361) (7,216) (64,707) (24,977) (114,839)
Undrawn Flex commitments (2,092) (2,904) (53) (21) (2,978) — (5,070)
Impairment allowance (85,526) (116,322) (14,098) (23,962) (154,382) (89,527) (329,435)
Overdrafts 301,047 102,140 1,557 8,646 112,343 20,046 433,436
Loans 989,557 127,066 10,199 3,438 140,703 25,358 1,155,618
Flex 607,558 85,495 7,421 3,322 96,238 19,075 722,871
Net amounts receivable 1,898,162 314,701 19,177 15,406 349,284 64,479 2,311,925
ECL Coverage Ratio (%)  4.31%  26.99%  42.37%  60.87%  30.65%  58.13%  12.47% 
Undrawn Commitments
Gross Undrawn Exposure 3,093,757 78,646 1,839 972 81,457 15,122 3,190,336
Impairment allowance (9,903) (5,367) (53) (21) (5,441) (1,305) (16,649)
Net carrying value 3,083,854 73,279 1,786 951 76,016 13,817 3,173,687
ECL Coverage Ratio (%)  0.32%  6.82%  2.88%  2.16%  6.68%  8.63%  0.52% 
As at 31 March 2026, our portfolio consisted 
of consumer, sole trader and limited 
company lending within the UK. The table 
below illustrates the stage breakdown of 
exposure and ECL for each product.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 168
\n[PAGE 169]\nAs at 31 March 2025
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances 239,190 117,193 1,638 11,822 130,653 33,033 402,876
Loans 696,140 134,068 13,256 7,683 155,007 46,279 897,426
Flex 412,277 94,420 10,585 6,734 111,739 29,378 553,394
Gross carrying amount 1,347,607 345,681 25,479 26,239 397,399 108,690 1,853,696
Overdrafts and overdrawn balances (14,586) (35,317) (434) (6,046) (41,797) (18,383) (74,766)
Undrawn overdraft commitments (4,458) (2,943) — — (2,943) (846) (8,247)
Loans (16,662) (22,220) (5,316) (5,679) (33,215) (31,552) (81,429)
Flex balances (17,942) (40,488) (5,382) (4,569) (50,439) (15,336) (83,717)
Undrawn Flex commitments (1,135) (1,896) (26) (10) (1,932) — (3,067)
Impairment allowance (54,783) (102,864) (11,158) (16,304) (130,326) (66,117) (251,226)
Overdrafts 220,146 78,933 1,204 5,776 85,913 13,804 319,863
Loans 679,478 111,848 7,940 2,004 121,792 14,727 815,997
Flex 393,200 52,036 5,177 2,155 59,368 14,042 466,610
Net amounts receivable 1,292,824 242,817 14,321 9,935 267,073 42,573 1,602,470
ECL Coverage Ratio (%)  4.07%  29.76%  43.79%  62.14%  32.79%  60.83%  13.55% 
Undrawn Commitments
Gross Undrawn Exposure 2,041,667 71,437 1,643 606 73,686 9,165 2,124,518
Impairment allowance (5,593) (4,839) (26) (10) (4,875) (846) (11,314)
Net carrying value 2,036,074 66,598 1,617 596 68,811 8,319 2,113,204
ECL Coverage Ratio (%)  0.27%  6.77%  1.58%  1.65%  6.62%  9.23%  0.53% 
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 3
Not Past 
Due
<= 30 Days 
Past Due
>30 Days 
Past Due Total Total
£’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
The overall ECL coverage ratio has reduced 
from 13.6% to 12.5%. This was primarily 
driven by continued improvements in the 
underlying credit quality of the portfolio 
reflected in the latest ECL models.
The proportion of balances in Stage 2 has also 
decreased to 19.1% (previously 21.4%), which 
reflects continued improvements in origination 
quality over the last couple of years.
Coverage on Stage 3 balances decreased 
over the year, following redevelopments of 
the LGD models that better capture our 
maturing Financial Health processes and 
outcomes.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 169
\n[PAGE 170]\nImpairment loss allowance movement table
An analysis of changes in the gross loans and 
advances to customers and undrawn 
commitments.
As at 31 March 2024 1,103,258 206,174 84,573 1,394,005
New facilities originated 658,264 120,259 14,852 793,375
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (172,471) 172,471 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 49,473 (49,473) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (69,809) (55,427) 125,236 —
Transfer from Stage 3 2,525 4,828 (7,353) —
Change due to exposure 6,795 19,414 555 26,764
De-recognition (230,428) (20,847) (4,111) (255,386)
Write Offs & Disposals (105,062) (105,062)
As at 31 March 2025 1,347,607 397,399 108,690 1,853,696
New facilities originated 993,987 182,885 27,271 1,204,143
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (147,557) 147,557 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 127,277 (127,277) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (66,897) (87,247) 154,144 —
Transfer from Stage 3 1,738 2,957 (4,695) —
Change due to exposure 19,190 30,689 (2,490) 47,389
De-recognition (291,657) (43,297) (4,246) (339,200)
Write Offs & Disposals — — (124,668) (124,668)
As at 31 March 2026 1,983,688 503,666 154,006 2,641,360
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
Gross Loans and Advances to 
customers £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 As at 31 March 2024 1,398,795 51,084 11,672 1,461,551
New facilities originated 537,723 13,287 289 551,299
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (65,848) 65,848 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 30,846 (30,846) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (17,123) (2,869) 19,992 —
Transfer from Stage 3 1,254 1,259 (2,513) —
Change due to exposure 198,767 (22,066) (19,339) 157,362
De-recognition (42,747) (2,011) (936) (45,694)
As at 31 March 2025 2,041,667 73,686 9,165 2,124,518
New facilities originated 874,953 27,269 764 902,986
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (64,614) 64,614 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 45,804 (45,804) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (24,414) (5,669) 30,083 —
Transfer from Stage 3 924 664 (1,588) —
Change due to exposure 253,161 (31,109) (22,539) 199,513
De-recognition (33,724) (2,194) (763) (36,681)
As at 31 March 2026 3,093,757 81,457 15,122 3,190,336
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
Gross Undrawn Commitments £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
All credit exposures are initially classified as 
Stage 1. 
New facilities reported above in Stages 2 and 
3 have migrated from Stage 1 since 
origination.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 170
\n[PAGE 171]\nAn analysis of changes in the Impairment loss 
allowance is as follows.
As at 31 March 2024 69,167 80,852 53,988 204,007
New facilities originated 24,125 33,880 9,977 67,982
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (13,845) 13,845 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 17,443 (17,443) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (6,475) (26,806) 33,281 —
Transfer from Stage 3 1,544 2,949 (4,493) —
Change due to exposure30 1,499 6,150 (901) 6,748
De-recognition (9,093) (5,928) (3,716) (18,737)
Changes due to measurement31 (29,582) 42,827 83,043 96,288
Write Offs & Disposals — — (105,062) (105,062)
As at 31 March 2025 54,783 130,326 66,117 251,226
New facilities originated 43,100 57,437 18,490 119,027
Transfer Stage 1 to Stage 2 (8,655) 8,655 — —
Transfer Stage 2 to Stage 1 40,810 (40,810) — —
Transfer into Stage 3 (5,085) (38,213) 43,298 —
Transfer from Stage 3 1,243 2,067 (3,310) —
Change due to exposure 780 10,063 (1,516) 9,327
De-recognition (6,139) (7,169) (2,973) (16,281)
Changes due to measurement (35,311) 32,026 94,089 90,804
Write Offs & Disposals — — (124,668) (124,668)
As at 31 March 2026 85,526 154,382 89,527 329,435
Impairment allowance
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
£’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
We’ve shown a reconciliation of the movement 
in the Balance Sheet impairment loss 
allowance to the credit loss expense to the 
Statement of Comprehensive Income below:
Reconciliation of Credit impairment charge £’000 £’000 £’000
Movement in impairment allowance 78,209 78,209
Write-offs (net of recoveries and EIR adjustment) 124,668 803 125,471
Income statement charge for the year 202,877 803 203,680
Loans and 
advances to 
customers Receivables Total
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 171
30 ‘Changes due to exposure’ have been attributed as the change in gross carrying value and undrawn commitments 
(taken from ‘changes due to exposure’ in the prior two tables), multiplied by the ECL coverage ratio for that Stage at 
31 March 2025.
31 ‘Changes due to measurement’ include all other changes impacting the movement in ECL on exposures on balance 
sheet throughout the entire year. This includes the impact of Stage transfers, new ECL models, PMAs, and changes in 
behavioural information that impact the ECL.
\n[PAGE 172]\nCredit quality
We’ve shown information on the credit 
quality of our overdraft, loan and Flex book in 
the following table. We’ve segmented by PD 
ranges based on currently approved IFRS 9 
PD models which measures the likelihood of 
an account meeting our default definition 
over the next 12 months. The PD models are 
specifically developed for the purposes of 
IFRS 9. The PD segmentation excludes post 
model adjustments. Exposures with an 
unassigned PD come from small portfolios 
and have been provisioned for on a collective 
basis.
Of the £15,450.7m (FY2025: £11,021.8m) 
cash and cash equivalents, material balances 
include:
• £15,422.5m (FY2025: £11,003.9m) held 
with the Bank of England. 
• £13.7m (FY2025: £9.2m) held with seven 
UK banks or EU money institutions, £10.9m 
(FY2025: £1.6m) with two EU banks and 
£2.8m (FY2025: £2.6m) with two US banks.
Overall, the credit risk on cash and cash 
equivalents is not considered material.
Stage 1 2 3 Total 1 2 3 Total
Net balances ECL coverage31 March 2026 Gross carrying amount Impairment allowance
0% < to 1.0% 584,479 6,894 — 591,373 (3,662) (55) — (3,717) 587,656  1% 
1.0% < to 2.5% 340,503 9,766 — 350,269 (6,619) (263) — (6,882) 343,387  2% 
2.5% < to 5.0% 330,451 25,713 — 356,164 (12,052) (3,101) — (15,153) 341,011  4% 
5.0% < to 10.0% 402,041 52,526 — 454,567 (23,919) (7,541) — (31,460) 423,107  7% 
10.0% < to 99.99% 304,297 335,291 — 639,588 (34,161) (105,126) — (139,287) 500,301  22% 
Arrears 8,055 72,686 — 80,741 (1,279) (38,054) — (39,333) 41,408  49% 
Default — — 154,006 154,006 — — (89,527) (89,527) 64,479  58% 
Unassigned 13,862 790 — 14,652 (3,834) (242) — (4,076) 10,576  28% 
As at 31 Mar 2026 1,983,688 503,666 154,006 2,641,360 (85,526) (154,382) (89,527) (329,435) 2,311,925  12% 
Stage 1 2 3 Total 1 2 3 Total
Net balances ECL coverage31 March 2025 Gross carrying amount Impairment allowance
0% < to 1.0% 394,079 4,110 — 398,189 (2,483) (52) — (2,535) 395,654  1% 
1.0% < to 2.5% 225,151 12,373 — 237,524 (4,415) (1,871) — (6,286) 231,238  3% 
2.5% < to 5.0% 253,243 28,904 — 282,147 (8,452) (5,737) — (14,189) 267,958  5% 
5.0% < to 10.0% 269,912 53,750 — 323,662 (15,851) (10,740) — (26,591) 297,071  8% 
10.0% < to 99.99% 197,345 246,440 — 443,785 (22,132) (84,450) — (106,582) 337,203  24% 
Arrears 4,075 51,760 — 55,835 (770) (27,458) — (28,228) 27,607  51% 
Default — — 108,690 108,690 — — (66,117) (66,117) 42,573  61% 
Unassigned 3,802 62 — 3,864 (680) (18) — (698) 3,166  18% 
As at 31 Mar 2025 1,347,607 397,399 108,690 1,853,696 (54,783) (130,326) (66,117) (251,226) 1,602,470  14% 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 172
\n[PAGE 173]\n26. Offsetting
We have derivatives in the form of interest 
rate swaps which are cleared at LCH and 
governed by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA) and the 
Cleared Derivatives Execution Agreement 
(CDEA). Cash collateral is exchanged daily to 
cover the net exposure between us and LCH. 
This agreement enables the collateral to be 
realised in an event of default or if other 
predetermined events occur.
The table below summarises the derivative 
financial assets and liabilities subject to 
offsetting, enforceable master netting 
arrangements, as well as cash collateral 
received to mitigate credit exposures for these 
assets and liabilities, and whether offset is 
achieved in the balance sheet of the Group.
Over-collateralisation, where it exists, is not 
reflected in amounts after consideration of 
netting potential in the table below as surplus 
collateral is not recognisable in the event 
of default.
The terms of our agreement with LCH 
requires us to pledge up-front initial margin 
which is not subject to enforceable netting 
agreements. The amount of initial margin 
pledged at the end of the reporting period 
was £64.1m, in the form of treasury 
investments (FY2025: £31.2m).
Derivative financial instruments - assets 69,239 (69,239) — — — —
Derivative financial instruments - liabilities (111,254) 69,239 (42,015) 44,230 — —
Total (42,015) — (42,015) 44,230 — —
Effects of offsetting on-balance sheet Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet Maximum exposure to risk
Gross amounts Amounts offset
Net amounts 
reported in the 
balance sheet
Collateral pledged/
(received)
Net amount after consideration 
of netting potential
After consideration of 
netting potential
As at 31 March 2026 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Derivative financial instruments - assets 29,336 (19,696) 9,640 (10,624) — —
Derivative financial instruments - liabilities (19,696) 19,696 — — — —
Total 9,640 — 9,640 (10,624) — —
Effects of offsetting on-balance sheet Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet Maximum exposure to risk
Gross amounts Amounts offset
Net amounts 
reported in the 
balance sheet
Collateral pledged/
(received)
Net amount after consideration 
of netting potential
After consideration of 
netting potential
As at 31 March 2025 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 173
\n[PAGE 174]\n27. Legal proceedings, contingent liabilities and undrawn commitments
Legal proceedings
The previously disclosed FCA investigation 
concluded in July 2025, with a financial 
penalty of £21.1m imposed on and paid by 
Monzo for operating inadequate financial 
crime systems and controls between October 
2018 and August 2020, and for breaches 
between August 2020 and June 2022 of a 
voluntary requirement that prevented Monzo 
from opening accounts for high-risk 
customers. The FCA recognised Monzo’s 
progress in remediation and enhancement, 
significant resourcing investment, and 
ongoing commitment to an effective financial 
crime framework.
Contingent liabilities
During FY2026, we continued to make 
intervention enhancements that reduce the 
incidence and impact of authorised push 
payment and card frauds. We have also made 
significant changes to our reimbursement 
process in order to improve outcomes for 
customers. This includes how we process a 
claim for reimbursement from a customer 
through to the handling of both internal and 
FOS complaints. While the enhancements are 
helping deliver fair and consistent outcomes 
for Monzo customers, we are currently 
reviewing our compliance with the PSR’s 
Mandatory APP Fraud Reimbursement Rules 
to ensure we are fully aligned with them. It is 
not possible at this stage to estimate the 
financial impact arising from this review.
We are, from time to time, party to claims 
arising in the ordinary course of business 
which may result in a future financial outflow. 
The amount of any such outflow is not 
reliably measurable and will depend on the 
circumstances pertaining to each 
individual claim.
Undrawn commitments
Total committed but undrawn facilities as at 
31 March 2026 are £3.2bn (FY2025: £2.1bn) 
in respect of customer overdraft and Monzo 
Flex agreements. These commitments 
represent agreements to lend in the future 
subject to terms and conditions, so the 
amount and timing of future cash flows 
are uncertain. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 174
\n[PAGE 175]\n28. Provisions
Significant accounting estimates 
We operate in a highly regulated 
environment. This exposes us to significant 
operational risks. We can be involved in 
litigation, arbitration and regulatory 
investigations, both in the UK and other 
countries we operate in. At any point in time 
we may have a number of matters being 
reviewed to assess if we have an obligation 
that will result in economic outflows from the 
Group. This requires judgement. If we can 
reliably measure any outflows that are 
considered probable, we recognise a 
provision. The amount that is recognised as a 
provision can also be sensitive to the 
assumptions made in calculating it. 
We have considered the nature of these 
estimates and concluded that it is possible, 
on the basis of existing knowledge, that 
outcomes within the next financial year may 
be different to assumptions we have applied 
as at 31 March 2026. These outcomes may 
require a material adjustment to the carrying 
amounts of liabilities in the next financial 
year. Our Other provisions largely represent 
expected future costs related to legal 
proceedings and customer remediation 
costs. The assumptions used in these 
estimates are highly sensitive, a 25% increase 
in these provisions would result in a £2.3m 
charge to the income statement.
If an outflow is considered possible we would 
disclose a contingent liability (see Note 27 for 
more details). But, as we believe sharing 
details on individual cases would prejudice 
their outcomes, we don’t share detailed, 
case-specific information in our financial 
statements.
The Group began the formal wind down of 
MINC on 31 March 2026. We have provided 
£5.3m for related personnel, legal and 
administrative expenses.
Based on historical settlement trends for 
closed FOS cases, we have recognized a 
provision of £2.5m. This represents our best 
estimate of the total expenditure required to 
conclude all currently outstanding FOS 
complaints.
As at 31 March 2025 411 9,839 10,250
Additions — 5,709 5,709
Used (91) (6,587) (6,678)
Unused amounts reversed (88) — (88)
Unwinding of discount 7 — 7
As at 31 March 2026 239 8,961 9,200
Dilapidation of 
offices
Other 
provisions Total
£'000 £'000 £'000
We have leases on office buildings in London 
and Cardiff. Our Cardiff lease includes a 
dilapidation provision to restore the building 
at the end of the lease. At the inception of the 
lease we recognised a provision for the 
contracted amount included in the lease, or 
using an estimate where an estimate could be 
reliably given. We discount the provisions to 
the present value at the start of the lease, 
using the same incremental borrowing rate as 
used in the calculation of the lease liability. 
We unwind the discount over the life of 
the lease. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 175
\n[PAGE 176]\n29. Country-by-Country reporting disclosure
In 2014, the UK Government enacted 
legislation (contained in the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 Statutory 
Instrument 3118) with respect to the country 
by country reporting disclosure.
MBHG is incorporated in the UK and acts as 
the parent and holding company for the 
Group.
MBL is incorporated in the UK and 
undertakes banking activities as described in 
the Strategic Report.
Monzo Inc. is incorporated in the USA and 
offers a debit card product to customers in 
the USA. The Group have commenced the 
process of winding up Monzo Inc. along with 
closing our US operations.
MBEU is incorporated in the Republic of 
Ireland, offering banking services in the 
Republic of Ireland.
Monzo Support US Inc. was incorporated in 
the USA and provided support services to 
MBL in prior years. It was wound up in 
FY2026.
MBEU has opened a branch in Spain, MBEU 
Spanish Branch.
Average number of employees (FTE) 4,591 42 34 7 4,674
Turnover (Total income) (£'000) 1,710,863 1,025 408 — 1,712,296
Profit/ (Loss) before tax (£'000) 122,350 (20,206) (13,527) (1,329) 87,288
Corporation tax paid (£'000) 20,068 — 18 — 20,086
RDEC claim (£'000) 4,861 — — — 4,861
UK USA
Republic of 
Ireland Spain Total
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 176
\n[PAGE 177]\n30. Share capital
2024 216,724,276 216,724
Shares issued 0.001 11,906,976 11,907
Options exercised 0.001 8,894,535 8,895
2025 237,525,787 237,526
Shares issued 0.001 1,007,523 1,008
Options exercised 0.001 1,406,326 1,406
2026 239,939,636 239,940
Nominal Number of ordinary shares Share Capital
£ £
Our ordinary shares have several share 
classes, all of which have the same full voting 
rights attached and rank equally in all 
respects, with the exception of anti-dilution 
rights and the distribution of proceeds from a 
share sale event which involves a change in 
control.
Some of the shares in issue are owned by 
members of the Board, management and 
colleagues. At the balance sheet date 
23,306,455 (FY2025: 22,138,303) share 
options were unvested.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 177
\n[PAGE 178]\n31. Other reserves
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Fair value through other comprehensive 
income reserve 834 430
Cash flow hedging reserve (71,817) 5,057
Share-based payment reserve 120,212 63,437
Currency translation reserve (1,103) (134)
Total 48,126 68,791
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income reserve 
The fair value through other comprehensive 
income reserve represents the changes in the 
fair value of financial instruments accounted 
for at fair value through other comprehensive 
income investments since initial recognition.
Cash flow hedging reserve 
The cash flow hedging reserve represents the 
cumulative gains and losses on effective cash 
flow hedging instruments that will be 
recycled to profit or loss when the hedged 
transactions affect profit or loss.
Share-based payment reserve
The reserve to recognise value of services 
received by Monzo in exchange for share 
options. 
Currency translation reserve
The currency translation reserve represents 
the cumulative gains and losses on the 
retranslation of the Group’s net investment in 
foreign operations.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 178
\n[PAGE 179]\n32. Group structure
Group entities
The Group consists of MBHG as the ultimate 
controlling entity, and the direct owner of 
MBL, MINC and MBEU. MBL had a dormant 
wholly owned subsidiary, Monzo Support US 
Inc., at the last balance sheet date 31 March 
2025. Monzo Support US Inc. was wound up 
on 10 September 2025, and as such no longer 
forms part of our group structure. We’ve set 
out the shareholding and registered offices 
of each entity as follows.
On 31 March 2026 the Group commenced 
the formal process of winding up MINC. 
As of the reporting date, the Group continues 
to exercise control over the entity’s 
remaining assets and liabilities. 
We also serve as trustee of bare trusts used 
with savings providers for the benefit of our 
customers, which aren’t reported on our 
Statement of Financial Position. During 
FY2026, on the instructions of our customers 
we transferred £10,930.0m (FY2025: 
£8,114.8m) to our savings providers, 
£13,470.8m (FY2025: £6,836.7m) was 
returned to customers. These customers 
earned interest on £2614.7m of savings 
(FY2025: £4885.2m). We earned commission 
in relation to our role as trustee as described 
in Note 3. We have no exposure to loss on 
these deposits.
Our customers have migrated balances 
(£1.7bn) to instant access pots after closure 
of the savings market place. 
Legal entity Shareholding Registered office
Monzo Bank Holding Group Limited Parent Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2AG
Monzo Bank Limited 100% Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2AG
Monzo Inc 100% 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware, 19801, USA
Monzo Bank Europe Designated Activity 
Company (DAC)
100% Unit 1 – Floor 4, One Central Plaza, Dame Street, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 K7k5, 
Ireland
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 179
\n[PAGE 180]\n33. Share-based payments
All new colleagues (including senior 
executives) receive share options when they 
join the Company and may be entitled to 
further share options as a reward for 
performing well and to incentivise them to 
make Monzo a success.
The share options issued are equity settled 
with no cash settlement options, with a 
maximum term of 10 years. Options typically 
vest evenly over four years with a one year 
cliff; or on an exit event. If a colleague leaves 
before the vesting cliff, they forfeit all options 
at that date. A limited number of options for 
senior executives have market vesting 
conditions.
Our expense for the share options granted to 
our colleagues is recognised over the period 
between the grant date and the vesting date 
of those options. We calculate the overall 
cost of the option award using the number of 
options expected to vest and the fair value of 
the options at the grant date. The overall cost 
is recognised as a personnel expense, with a 
corresponding increase in other reserves 
within equity, over the period that colleagues 
provide services. This is generally the period 
between the award being granted or notified 
and the vesting date of the options.
In prior years, MBL operated a Company 
Share Options Plan (CSOP), but as some of 
HMRC’s conditions for a tax approved plan 
were not met, no new grants were made 
under the CSOP. The second Legacy Option 
scheme is a Leaver Share Option Plan (LSOP) 
which converts the vested CSOP share 
options for leavers into Unapproved 
Share Option Plan (USOP) share options. 
The exercise price is set at the fair market 
value at the original CSOP option grant date.
From 12 September 2023 onwards, MBHG 
has granted options over its shares under 
its own share option plan (the Monzo Group 
Share Option Plan). Generally, these awards 
were granted with the exercise price set to 
£0.001 or, for US taxpayers, s409A Exercise 
Price.
We also operate an equity settled Incentive 
Stock Option (ISO) scheme for colleagues in 
our US business, which involves options over 
MBHG shares that are granted with a s409A 
Exercise Price. In the Company only 
accounts, this arrangement leads to MINC 
recognising a capital contribution from the 
parent, with MBL recognising a 
corresponding increase to its investment in 
MINC.
We measure the cost of all equity-settled 
options based on the fair value of the awards 
at the date of grant. We determine the grant 
date fair value using Black Scholes models 
which take into account the terms and 
conditions attached to the awards. Inputs into 
the valuation models include the risk free 
rate, an estimate of our market share price, 
dividend yield and the expected volatility of 
the share price. 
Our market share price is assessed using the 
pricing achieved in the funding round 
immediately preceding the issuances. 
If a period of 6 months has passed following 
an observable funding price, a valuation 
exercise considering our performance, 
growth and market conditions is used to 
calculate an appropriate share price. Using 
an option valuation model to determine the 
fair value means including highly subjective 
assumptions. Changes in the subjective 
assumptions can materially affect the fair 
value estimates. The main assumptions we’ve 
used in deriving the value of the options at 
grant are shown below.
The expected volatility was determined by 
assessing the historical volatility of listed 
peers and comparable private companies to 
obtain an estimated ‘implied’ volatility.
Risk free rate 3.58%-4.49% 3.76%-4.54%
Volatility 35% 30%-35%
Dividend yield nil nil
Expected life 1.5 years - 2 years 2 years
Valuation assumptions 2026 2025
As an unlisted company granting share 
options to our colleagues, several estimates 
and assumptions are made to calculate the 
quarterly options price. The most material 
estimates relate to the current share price 
of Monzo, the volatility inputs to our Black-
Scholes model and our assumptions on future 
exercise scenarios. A 5% increase in the 
share price assumption would result in 
approximately an additional £2.7m charge in 
FY2026 (FY2025: £1.8m charge). Several 
external sources are used to assess 
comparable transactions which may not fully 
represent Monzo. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 180
\n[PAGE 181]\nWe recognise the fair value of options at 
grant date as a personnel expense with a 
corresponding increase in other reserves 
over the period that the colleagues become 
unconditionally entitled to the awards. In 
FY2026, the total expense was £59.0m 
(FY2025: £83.5m). Our share options are 
amortised using the graded method as the 
vast majority of our options vest in 
instalments.
At 1 March 2024 5,250,889 47,701,546 1,087,824
Adjustment for company reorganisation — — —
Granted during the period — 7,135,227 1,208,214
Forfeited/cancelled (1,000) (2,445,653) (108,034)
Exercised (1,666,608) (7,100,890) (127,041)
At 31 March 2025 3,583,281 45,290,230 2,060,963
Granted during the period — 11,315,644 555,146
Forfeited/cancelled (58,926) (4,692,514) (177,525)
Exercised (230,027) (1,176,299) (3,566)
At 31 March 2026 3,294,328 50,737,061 2,435,018
CSOP Number Non-CSOP Number ISO Number
The weighted average exercise prices of all 
options as at 31 March 2026 are outlined in 
the table below. 
Outstanding at the beginning of the period £1.77 £1.73 £5.54
Granted during the period n/a £0.55 £7.24
Forfeited or cancelled during the period £0.57 £2.37 £7.02
Expired during the period n/a n/a n/a
Exercised during the period £1.08 £0.39 £7.21
Outstanding at the end of the period £1.84 £1.44 £5.82
Exercisable at the end of the period £1.84 £1.75 £4.89
2026
CSOP Non-CSOP ISO
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 181
\n[PAGE 182]\nThe range of exercise prices on outstanding 
options and weighted average share price, 
fair value and remaining life on options are 
outlined in the table below. 
 
Range of exercise prices for outstanding 
options £0.1997 - £13.0194 £0.001 - £14.4125 £2.53 - £10.42 £0.1997 - £13.0194 £0.001 - £14.4125 £2.53 - £7.21
Weighted average share price for options 
exercised in the period £15.10 £15.10 £15.10 £15.02 £14.99 £15.10
Weighted average fair value of options granted 
during the period n/a £7.73 £4.83 n/a £7.50 £4.76
Weighted average remaining life of outstanding 
options 1.9 6.5 7.6 2.9 6.8 8.2
2026 2025
CSOP Non-CSOP ISO CSOP Non-CSOP ISO
Secondary Sale Event
During the prior year we had our first 
employee secondary share sale, which has 
not been repeated in FY2026. 901,022 of 
existing ordinary shares held by employees 
and 6,315,846 of ordinary shares created on 
exercise of employee options as part of the 
transaction were converted to investor shares 
and sold to our investors.
This resulted in shares with a total value of 
£109.0m being sold. The total cost to Monzo 
of the transaction was £53.4m. This included 
£45.2m of non-cash expense representing 
the uplift in fair value of the existing ordinary 
shares/options, as compared to the investor 
shares they were converted to before sale. 
The remaining cost of £8.2m related to 
employer payroll taxes. £11.0m was received 
by Monzo on exercise of the employee 
options meaning the transaction was broadly 
capital neutral.
The secondary sale was one-off in nature and 
is not expected to impact profit or loss in 
future years. The transaction has not had any 
impact on our accounting treatment for 
share-based payments.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 182
\n[PAGE 183]\n34. Related party transactions and controlling parties
Controlling parties
In the opinion of the Directors there is no 
overall controlling party at year-end. 
Transactions with related parties
There were no transactions with related 
parties during the year other than those 
mentioned below.
Transactions with key 
management personnel
Key management personnel are defined as 
our directors.
The compensation paid or payable to key 
management personnel is shown in the 
following table:
Salaries & remuneration 3,181 3,315
Social security contributions 439 1,534
Share-based payments 4,891 13,095
Contributions to defined contribution plans 20 22
8,531 17,966
2026 2025
Transactions with key management personnel £'000 £'000
0 directors (FY2025: 2) exercised share 
options during the reporting period.
In addition, a total of 156,942 (FY2025: 
110,275) shares were purchased by directors 
at a fair value of £2,369,824 (FY2025: 
£1,620,928) in the period ended 31 March 
2026.
All deposits, lending and other products with 
key management personnel on the balance 
sheet are on the same terms as those with our 
customers and within our normal business 
activities.
Subsidiaries
Interest in the Subsidiaries and changes to 
the group structure have been outlined in 
Note 32.
In accordance with IFRS 10, intercompany 
transactions and balances have been 
eliminated on consolidation.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 183
\n[PAGE 184]\n35. Auditor’s remuneration
Auditor’s remuneration for the audit of the 
financial statements was £3.9m (FY2025: 
£3.4m) none of which related to FY2025 audit 
(FY2025: £nil). There was £138k remuneration 
for non-audit services relating to ESG assurance 
in the reporting period (FY2025: £147k).
36. Events after the reporting date
On 1 April 2026, Monzo Bank Limited 
received regulatory approval to acquire 100% 
of the voting shares of digital mortgage 
broker Hey Habito Ltd. The acquisition 
represents a significant strategic priority for 
Monzo enabling us to offer fully end-to-end 
mortgage broking and insurance protection 
advice to our customers.
Due to the proximity of the acquisition date to 
the date of the authorisation of these financial 
statements, the initial measurement of 
identifiable assets and liabilities for the 
business combination is preliminary.
The preliminary fair values of the identifiable 
assets and liabilities of Hey Habito Ltd at the 
acquisition date were:
Fair value recognised on acquisition
£’000
Total identifiable net assets at fair value 4,101
Goodwill arising on acquisition 26,264
Purchase consideration transferred 30,364
Consideration for the acquisition comprises 
£24.4m of cash consideration and £6M of 
contingent consideration (recognised as a 
liability), the latter which is payable over 3 
years dependent on Hey Habito Ltd achieving 
certain performance targets. The goodwill of 
£26.2m comprises the value arising from 
unlocking positive net synergies, including 
cross-selling products, and the ongoing 
benefits of an assembled workforce. None of 
the goodwill is expected to be deductible for 
tax purposes. 
No results from Hey Habito Ltd have been 
recognised in these financial statements and 
no indemnification assets or contingent 
liabilities arose in connection with the 
acquisition. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 184
\n[PAGE 185]\nFinancial Statements of 
Monzo Bank Holding Group Ltd
Monzo Bank Holding Group Ltd
Statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 March 2026
2026 2025
Notes £'000 £'000
Interest income 12,449 21,229
Total revenue 12,449 21,229
Interest expense (2,298) (2,108)
Cost of revenue (2,298) (2,108)
Gross profit 10,151 19,121
Personnel expenses (89) (892)
Other operating expense (31,051) (6,265)
Total operating expense (31,140) (7,157)
Profit / (loss) before tax (20,989) 11,964
Taxation (credit) 2 83 (1,642)
Profit / (loss)  for the year (20,906) 10,322
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (20,906) 10,322
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 185
\n[PAGE 186]\nStatement of financial position
As at 31 March 2026
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 755 20
Other assets 3 223,889 326,772
Investment in subsidiaries 4 959,781 817,742
Total assets 1,184,425 1,144,534
Liabilities
Subordinated debt liability 5 15,770 15,421
Other liabilities 6 3,166 3,290
Current tax liability 483 1,642
Total liabilities 19,419 20,353
Equity
Called up share capital 7 240 238
Share premium account 7 503,779 501,730
Other reserves 621,915 565,141
Accumulated profits 39,072 57,072
Total equity 1,165,006 1,124,181
Total liabilities and equity 1,184,425 1,144,534
Notes 2026 2025
£'000 £'000
The notes and information on pages 188 
to 193 form part of the financial 
statements. The financial statements 
from pages 106 to 192 were approved by 
the Board of Directors on 15/05/2026 
and signed on its behalf by:
Tom Oldham
Group Chief Financial Officer
15 May 2026
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 186
\n[PAGE 187]\nStatement of changes in equity
for the period ended 31 March 2026
Balance as at 1 April 2024 217 339,388 21,120 501,703 (460) 861,968
Profit for the year — — — — 10,322 10,322
Total comprehensive income for the year — — — — 10,322 10,322
Shares issued 21 150,627 — — — 150,648
Cost of issuance — (20) — — — (20)
Share-based payments reserve — — 89,528 — — 89,528
Exercise of options — 11,735 (47,210) — 47,210 11,735
Balance as at 31 March 2025 238 501,730 63,438 501,703 57,072 1,124,181
Loss for the year — — — — (20,906) (20,906)
Total comprehensive (loss) for the year — — — — (20,906) (20,906)
Shares issued 2 2,004 — — — 2,006
Share-based payments reserve — — 59,680 — — 59,680
Exercise of options — 45 (2,906) — 2,906 45
Balance as at 31 March 2026 240 503,779 120,212 501,703 39,072 1,165,006
Share capital Share premium Other reserves Merger reserve Retained profits / (losses) Total equity
£’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000 £’000
The Company’s share capital as at 31 March 
2026 was £240k (FY2025: £238k). See Note 
7 for further detail. 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 187
\n[PAGE 188]\nNotes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2026
1. Accounting policies
i. Reporting entity
These financial statements are prepared for 
MBHG. MBHG (‘the Company’) is a private 
company limited by shares incorporated and 
registered in England and Wales.
MBHG was incorporated on 6 April 2023. The 
financial statements presented cover the year 
between 1 April 2025 to the year-end date 
31 March 2026.
ii. Basis of preparation
The financial statements of MBHG have been 
prepared in accordance with Financial 
Reporting Standards, ‘Reduced Disclosure 
Framework’ (FRS 101) and have been 
prepared in accordance with the provisions of 
Companies Act 2006.
We present the financial statements in 
Sterling which is the Company’s functional 
currency. Figures in tables are shown in 
thousands of pounds Sterling unless 
otherwise stated. 
We present our statement of financial 
position in order of liquidity. We base this on 
our intention and ability to recover, or settle, 
the majority of assets, or liabilities, in the 
financial statement line.
The Directors expect us to have enough 
financial resources to meet our regulatory 
requirements for our going concern 
assessment period and conclude it’s 
appropriate to continue preparing our 
financial statements on a going concern 
basis. The financial statements therefore do 
not contain adjustments that would result if 
the Company was unable to continue as a 
going concern.
In the individual financial statements, the 
Company has applied the following 
exemptions from the requirements of IFRS 
available under FRS 101 in respect of the 
following disclosures:
• Paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2 
Share based payments
• The following paragraphs of IAS 1 
Presentation of financial statements:
• 10(d) (statement of cash flows); 
• 16 (statement of compliance with all IFRS); 
and 
• 111 (statement of cash flows information) 
• IAS 7 Statement of cash flows 
• Paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 Accounting 
policies, changes in accounting estimates 
and errors (new and revised standards that 
have been issued but not yet effective) 
• The requirements in IAS 24 Related party 
disclosures to disclose related party 
transactions entered into between two or 
more members of a group.
iii. Material accounting policies
The material accounting policies of the 
Company are the same as those used to 
prepare the consolidated financial statements 
of MBHG (see note 1 to the consolidated 
financial statements), to the extent that the 
Company has similar transactions to the 
Group, except for Investment in subsidiaries 
(see note 4).
iv. Critical accounting estimates and 
judgements
The preparation of financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income 
and expenses. Due to the inherent 
uncertainty in making estimates, actual 
results reported in future periods may be 
based upon amounts which differ from those 
estimates. 
There are no critical accounting estimates 
relevant only to the activities of the company.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 188
\n[PAGE 189]\n2. Taxation
Current taxation
We measure current income tax assets and 
liabilities at the amount we expect to recover 
from or pay to the taxation authorities. They 
involve a degree of estimation and 
judgement. To compute the amounts, we use 
the tax rates and tax laws which are enacted 
or substantively enacted at the reporting 
date. 
We base tax assets and liabilities relating to 
open and judgemental matters, on our 
assessment of the most likely outcome/(s) 
based on the tax authorities having full 
knowledge of all relevant information. We 
engage constructively and transparently with 
the tax authorities with a view to resolving 
any uncertain tax matters.
Monzo Bank Holding Group Ltd’s profits / 
losses are taxed in the UK at a prevailing rate 
of 25% (FY2025: 25%)
Amounts recognised in profit or loss
Profit / (Loss) on ordinary activities before tax (20,989) 11,964
Main rate of corporation tax  25%  25% 
Expected tax charge (5,247) 2,991
Effects of:
Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior 
period (83) -
Expenses not deductible for tax 5,246 221
Group relief 1 (1,570)
Total UK corporate tax charge for the year (83) 1,642
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 189
\n[PAGE 190]\n3. Other assets
Other receivables
Represent amounts due from MBL to MBHG 
relating to a £15m subordinated loan facility 
agreement between the companies. The 
company has a subordinated debt 
arrangement held as a liability. An identical 
Tier 2 Debt facility was initiated between the 
company and MBL. The other receivables 
balances represents this identical debt 
facility.
Intercompany accounts receivable
Represent amounts due from MBL. These 
balances predominately relate to cash on 
deposit at the Bank of England via MBL.
Prepayments
We recognise prepayments where we’ve 
bought goods or services that we haven’t 
yet used.
£'000 £'000
Other receivables 15,855 15,421
Intercompany accounts receivable 207,576 310,914
Prepayments 458 437
Total other assets 223,889 326,772
2026 2025
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 190
\n[PAGE 191]\n4. Investment in subsidiaries
The Company’s investment in subsidiaries 
represents the 100% holding in MBL, the 
100% holding in MBEU and its 100% holding 
in Monzo Inc.
The investment in subsidiaries is held at 
historical cost less impairment. We assess 
impairment annually or as we become aware 
of any indicators of impairment.
The investment in MBL is held at cost less 
impairment. We consider the carrying value 
of MBHG’s investment in MBL to be 
supported by its underlying net assets and 
that there have been no trigger events to 
suggest an impairment is necessary.
The investment in MBEU is held at cost less 
impairment. As of March 2026, the value of 
the investment contains the cost of all capital 
injections from the parent, less any 
impairments which at March 2026 are £nil as 
the carrying value of the investment is 
deemed fully recoverable. 
The investment in MINC is held at cost less 
impairment. Following the Group’s strategic 
decision to exit the US market and commence 
the liquidation of Monzo Inc., the carrying 
value has been reviewed for recoverability. 
An impairment at March 2026 of £19.5m has 
been recognised over MBHG’s investment in 
MINC, to reflect the estimated recoverable 
amount following the wind-down process.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 191
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Opening balance 817,742 599,145
Additions 161,502 218,597
Impairment (19,463) —
As at 31 March 959,781 817,742
\n[PAGE 192]\n5. Subordinated liability
Subordinated debt liability
As at 1 April 15,421 15,113
Interest expense 2,149 2,108
Interest expense paid (1,800) (1,800)
As at 31 March 15,770 15,421
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
For further details on the subordinated 
liability, please see Note 18 in the 
consolidated financial statements for the 
group.
6. Other Liabilities
Warrant liabilities
We issued warrants in March 2021 which give 
holders the right to buy our shares in the 
future. These warrants have an exercise 
period of 10 years. We measure the fair value 
of warrants using a Black-Scholes option 
pricing model with any gain or loss on 
revaluation recognised in the statement of 
comprehensive income. 
2026 2025
£'000 £'000
Warrant Liabilities 1,355 1,211
Intercompany Accounts Payable 827 1,284
Accruals 731 219
Accounts Payable And Other Creditors 209 194
Other Taxes And Social Security Costs 44 382
Total Other Liabilities 3,166 3,290
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 192
\n[PAGE 193]\n7. Share capital and share premium
As at 1 April 2024 216,724,286 217 339,388 339,605
Issued during the year £0.001 20,801,501 21 162,342 162,363
As at 31 March 2025 237,525,787 238 501,730 501,968
Issued during the year £0.001 2,413,849 2 2,049 2,051
As at 31 March 2026 239,939,636 240 503,779 504,019
Nominal Number of ordinary shares Share Capital Share premium Total share capital and share premium
£'000 £'000 £'000
2.4m (FY2025: 20.8m) of ordinary shares 
were issued and fully paid during the year. 
These ordinary shares have several share 
classes, all of which have the same full voting 
rights attached and rank equally in all 
respects, with the exception of anti-dilution 
rights and the distribution of proceeds from 
control.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 193
\n[PAGE 194]\nAlternative performance measures 
To provide a more comprehensive 
view of Group performance, Monzo 
discloses a number of alternative 
performance measures (APMs) 
throughout the annual report, 
alongside statutory results.
These measures supplement financial 
reporting and provide a deeper insight into 
the Group’s performance. They should be 
considered in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for, the information prepared in 
accordance with IFRS.
APM Definition FY2026 FY2025
Adjusted profit before tax (£’000s) Adjusted profit before tax is measured as our 
accounting profit before tax, adjusted for the 
impact of share-based payment expenses, and 
the impact of any exceptional items, or ‘one-
offs’.
£172,640 £143,947
Cost-to-income ratio (%) Operating expenses adjusted for the impact of 
’one-offs’, as a percentage of revenue net of 
interest expense and fee and commission 
expense. 
 74%  70% 
Gross profit margin (%) Gross profit as a percentage of revenue.  59%  61% 
Balance coverage ratio (%) Total impairment loss allowance as a 
percentage of gross lending balances.
 12.5%  13.6% 
Customer savings (£m) Customer balances within savings products 
held on Monzo’s balance sheet.
£15,524 £8,867
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 194
\n[PAGE 195]\nReconciliation of APMs to the underlying financial statements
Share-based payments 59,007 83,468
Exceptional items32 26,345
Adjusted profit before tax 172,640 143,946
Cost-to-income ratio reconciliation
Operating expenses 925,525 687,449
Exceptional items33 26,345 53,499
Adjusted operating expenses 899,180 633,950
Revenue 1,712,296 1,235,355
Interest expense 376,949 262,833
Fee and commission expense 118,854 72,000
Adjusted income 1,216,493 900,522
Cost-to-income ratio  74%  70% 
Gross profit margin reconciliation
Revenue 1,712,296 1,235,355
Gross profit 1,012,813 747,927
Gross profit margin  59%  61% 
Balance coverage ratio reconciliation
Gross lending balances 2,631,360 1,853,696
Impairment loss allowance 329,435 251,226
Balance coverage ratio  12.5%  13.6% 
Customer savings reconciliation £’m £’m
Customer savings 15,524 8,867
Non-savings customer balances 10,192 7,732
Customer deposits 25,716 16,599
Financial year ending 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Adjusted profit before tax reconciliation £’000 £’000
Profit before tax 87,288 60,478
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 195
32 In FY2026 our exceptional items include the cost of the FCA fine (£21.1m), and our MINC restructuring provision (£5.3m). Last year we recognised a one-off expense of £53.4m in relation to an employee secondary share sale which we included as 
an exceptional item in our FY2025 annual report. In FY2026 this cost is included within the adjustment to PBT from share-based payments.
33 In FY2025 the exceptional items in our calculation of our cost-to-income ratio include the cost of the employee secondary sale. Our residual share-based payments expense is not an adjusting item in our calculation of cost-to-income ratio.
\n[PAGE 196]\nGlossary 
ALCo — Asset and Liability Committee.
ARPAC — average revenue per active 
customer. This is the average amount of 
money we get from each monthly active 
customer. Blended ARPAC includes both 
retail and business banking customers.
Attach rate — Proportion of monthly active 
users who have subscription accounts.
BAC — Board Audit Committee.
Basel 3.1 — global regulatory standards 
which aim to improve the comparability and 
credibility of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs) 
calculations. They also reduce the gap 
between internal models and standardised 
approaches to improve competition in the 
market.
Capital runway — the forecasted amount of 
time before we need additional capital/
fundraising.
Cash-flow positive — a measure of 
profitability that excludes the non-cash 
expenses from the income statement, like 
provisions, depreciation and share option 
expenses.
CET1 — Common Equity Tier 1 capital is the 
highest quality regulatory capital as it 
absorbs losses as soon as they happen.
CET1 ratio — a core measure of a bank’s 
financial strength. You calculate it by dividing 
CET1 by Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs). The 
higher the ratio the more reserves a bank has. 
CoL — cost of living, meaning the amount of 
money you need to pay for everyday 
essentials. It’s also used more generally to 
describe the tougher economic 
circumstances people are living under.
Competition and Markets Authority’s bi-
annual survey — Personal Current Accounts 
Great Britain: According to an independent 
survey carried out between January 2025 and 
December 2025 by Ipsos as part of a 
regulatory requirement
 – Overall Service Quality as part of a 
regulatory requirement. 17,051 people were 
surveyed in total. To find out more visit: 
Ipsos.uk/personal-banking-service-quality. 
Personal
 Current Accounts Northern Ireland: 
According to an independent survey carried 
out between January 2025 and December 
2025 by Ipsos as part of a regulatory 
requirement
- Overall Service Quality as part of a 
regulatory requirement. 6,018 people were 
surveyed in total. To find out more visit: 
Ipsos.uk/personal-banking-service-quality. 
Business 
Current Accounts Great Britain: According to 
an independent survey carried out between 
January 2025 and December 2025 by BVA 
BDRC as part of a regulatory requirement. 
20,450 people were surveyed in total. To find 
out more visit: BVA-BDRC.com/business-
banking-service-quality
CRR — Capital Requirements Regulation.
CSA — Credit Support Annex agreements are 
legal documents regulating the terms and 
conditions under which collateral is posted to 
mitigate counterparty credit risk in bilateral 
derivatives transactions. It’s a voluntary 
annex within the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Master Agreement.
EBA Guidelines — European Banking 
Guidelines. The aim of these guidelines is to 
set out how we’re expected to manage 
interest rate risk coming from non-trading 
book activities (IRRBB). For more information 
follow this link. 
EVE — Economic Value of Equity. This 
measures the sensitivity of our assets and 
liabilities to changes in interest rates and 
assesses the net impact of potential yield 
curve moves on the value of our equity.
ERCC — Enterprise Risk and Compliance 
Committee.
Free cash flow — the money we have left 
after paying for our operating expenses and 
capital expenditures i.e. its before certain 
non-cash accounting adjustments like share-
based payments, depreciation, provisions 
and expected credit losses. 
GBRC — Group Board Risk Committee.
HQLA — High quality liquid assets. Assets are 
considered to be HQLA if we can easily and 
immediately convert them into cash at little 
or no loss of value.
ICAAP — The Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process allows us to assess our 
capital adequacy and makes sure we have an 
appropriate risk management framework. We 
summarise this process in the ICAAP 
document which we complete on a regular 
basis (usually annually).
ILAAP — The Internal Liquidity Adequacy 
Process allows us to assess our liquidity 
adequacy and makes sure we have an 
appropriate risk management framework. We 
summarise this process in the ILAAP 
document which we complete on a regular 
basis (usually annually).
IRRBB — Interest Rate Risk in the Banking 
Book. This is current or possible risks to our 
capital and earnings from negative 
movements in interest rates that affect our 
banking book positions.
ISDA — The International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA) is a private 
trade organisation whose members, mainly 
banks, transact in the over-the-counter 
(OTC) derivatives market i.e. business to 
business vs using an exchange.
LCH — The London Clearing House is 
authorised to act as a central counterparty, 
facilitating the clearing and settlement of a 
wide range of financial transactions across 
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 196
\n[PAGE 197]\nvarious asset classes, including interest rate 
swap derivatives.
Monzonauts — Employees of Monzo.
NomCo — Nomination and Governance 
Committee.
Payment schemes — different types of 
infrastructure and rules used to process 
payments, for example CHAPS (Clearing 
House Automated Payment System), BACS 
(Bankers’ Automated Clearing System), 
Faster Payments and SWIFT (Society for 
Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunication).
Pillar 1 — Our Pillar 1 capital requirement is 
the minimum regulatory capital requirement 
relating to credit, operational and market 
risks. The minimum requirement is equal to 
8% of RWAs, of which at least 4.5% of RWAs 
must be met with CET1 capital.
Pillar 2 — these are capital requirements 
(Pillar 2A and Pillar 2B) in addition to Pillar 1 
requirements to help make sure we hold 
appropriate levels of capital for the unique 
risks we’re exposed to. Pillar 2 requirements 
are determined as part of the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The 
PRA reviews and evaluates our capital 
requirements, including our own assessment 
of capital adequacy, as determined by the 
ICAAP.
Pillar 2 taxes — these are unrelated to the 
capital requirements discussed above. Pillar 2 
taxes seek to impose a global minimum tax 
rate to large international groups.
PMA — post model adjustments are 
adjustments we make to our modelled ECL 
values when we consider or identify known 
limitations or weaknesses in our models that 
risk our ECL being biased. 
Primary bank — Applies to UK Retail 
customers. A customer is primary bank if 
their inbound or outbound payment flows 
(meeting certain criteria) are greater than or 
equal to £800; in both the last 35-days and 
the 35 days prior to that (35-70 days).
RDEC — Research and Development 
Expenditure Credit. This is a tax credit we 
claim against eligible research and 
development costs we incur building our 
business.
RemCo — Remuneration Committee.
RWA — Risk Weighted Asset. These are the 
assets we’re exposed to that are rated by 
their level of risk using Basel regulations. 
We apply risk weightings to these assets to 
calculate our capital requirements.
WAU — Weekly Active User. These are the 
customers who initiate any money movement 
on their Monzo account or receive funds 
which move their balance, excluding those 
initiated by Monzo.
Monzo Annual Report and Accounts 2026 197